 mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through mexico and into the u.s. we may make this a condition of the new nafta agreement. our country cannot accept what is happening! also we must get wall funding fast 
 despite the democrat inspired laws on sanctuary cities and the border being so bad and one sided i have instructed the secretary of homeland security not to let these large caravans of people into our country. it is a disgrace. we are the only country in the world so naive! wall 
 hard to believe obstructionists may vote against mike pompeo for secretary of state. the dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the ambassador to germany. they are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. need more republicans 
 thank you to the incredible law enforcement officers from the palm beach county sheriff’s office. they keep us safe and are very cool about it! https://t.co/nlhxppwmzt 
 kim strassel of the wsj just said after reviewing the dumb comey memos you got to ask what was the purpose of the special counsel? there’s no there there. dan henninger of the wsj said memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought 
 funny how all of the pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on north korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal 
 a complete witch hunt 
 i can die happy now with trump job performance stated mary matalin. a great overall president stunning! thank you mary 
 we are a long way from conclusion on north korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....but the work i am doing now should have been done a long time ago 
 sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with north korea and they have given up nothing. wow we haven’t given up anything &amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for world) site closure &amp; no more testing 
 gop lawmakers asking sessions to investigate comey and hillary clinton. @foxnews   good luck with that request 
 at least two memos comey shared with a friend contained classified information.  wall street journal 
 the washington post said i refer to jeff sessions as mr. magoo and rod rosenstein as mr. peepers. this is according to people with whom the president has spoken. there are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more fake &amp; disgusting news to create ill will 
 james comey’s memos are classified i did not declassify them. they belong to our government! therefore he broke the law! additionally he totally made up many of the things he said i said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. where are memos on clinton lynch &amp; others 
 sylvester stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion jack johnson. his trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes i am considering a full pardon 
 so funny the democrats have sued the republicans for winning. now he r’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including servers and emails 
 heading to the southern white house to watch the funeral service of barbara bush. first lady melania has arrived in houston to pay our respects. will be a beautiful day 
 today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush family. in memory of first lady barbara bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the center hall of the @whitehouse. https://t.co/auj3rlzyax 
 fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in key west florida. thank you! https://t.co/hqoufgmbqs 
 join me in washington michigan on saturday april 28 2018 at 7:00pm! #maga tickets: https://t.co/disosdqbuu https://t.co/ghdtghw5fu 
 it means lying or making up stories. sorry i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media 
 non-existent sources and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates michael a fine person with a wonderful family. michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who i have always liked &amp; respected. most people will flip if the government lets them out of trouble even if 
 the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie haberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. they use 
 the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie habberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. they use 
 non-existent sources and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates michael a fine person with a wonderful family. michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who i have always liked &amp; respected. most people will flip if the government lets them out of trouble even if 
 it means lying or making up stories. sorry i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media 
 a message from kim jong un: north korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.also will shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s northern side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. progress being made for all 
 james comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a special council? therefore the special council was established based on an illegal act? really does everybody know what that means 
 just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats. this can be good news in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the debbie wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails 
 north korea has agreed to suspend all nuclear tests and close up a major test site. this is very good news for north korea and the world - big progress! look forward to our summit 
 just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats. this can be good news in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the wendy wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails 
 can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the fake news media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest poll numbers including those on election day? the american public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. make america great again 
 looks like opec is at it again. with record amounts of oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea oil prices are artificially very high! no good and will not be accepted 
 nancy pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big tax cuts given to the american people by the republicans...got not one democrat vote! here’s a choice. they want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts 
 so exciting! i have agreed to be the commencement speaker at our great naval academy on may 25th in annapolis maryland. looking forward to being there 
 so general michael flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while shadey james comey can leak and lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). is that really the way life in america is supposed to work? i don’t think so 
 james comey memos just out and show clearly that there was no collusion and no obstruction. also he leaked classified information. wow! will the witch hunt continue 
 james comey just threw andrew mccabe under the bus. inspector general’s report on mccabe is a disaster for both of them! getting a little (lot) of their own medicine 
 sanctuary cities released at least 142 gang members across the united states making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. we are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in america difficult 
 my thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two @gcsoflorida deputies (heroes) who lost their lives in the line of duty today 
 mike pompeo is outstanding. first in his class at west point. a top student at harvard law school. a success at whatever he has done. we need the senate to approve mike asap. he will be a great secretary of state 
 hopefully the senate will not leave washington until our ambassadors judges and the people who make washington work are approved. the democrats are obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our country 
 democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our government hence the american people. they are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people. at this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals 
 @marshablackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. great on the military border security and crime. loves and works hard for the people of tennessee. she has my full endorsement and i will be there to campaign with her 
 thank you #jiatfsouth @norad_northcom @southcomwatch and @dhsgov. keep up the great work! https://t.co/3v2ug6jp1t 
 just arrived @naskeywest! heading to a briefing with the joint interagency task force south northcom and southcom. https://t.co/r906ixnbcg 
 governor jerry brown announced he will deploy up to 400 national guard troops to do nothing. the crime rate in california is high enough and the federal government will not be paying for governor brown’s charade. we need border security and action not words 
 thank you san diego county for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against california's illegal and unconstitutional 'sanctuary' policies. california's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all americans at risk 
 great meeting with prime minister abe of japan who has just left florida. talked in depth about north korea military and trade. good things will happen 
 it was my great honor to host my friend @jpn_pmo @abeshinzo and his delegation at mar-a-lago for the past two days. lots accomplished thank you! #success🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/2nnitfwfbl 
 great working luncheon with u.s. and japanese delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywu2ceih8b 
 prime minister @abeshinzo of japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at trump international golf club. https://t.co/yqu7phifou 
 best wishes to prime minister @netanyahu and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great independence. we have no better friends anywhere. looking forward to moving our embassy to jerusalem next month 
 slippery james comey the worst fbi director in history was not fired because of the phony russia investigation where by the way there was no collusion (except by the dems) 
 mike pompeo met with kim jong un in north korea last week. meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. details of summit are being worked out now. denuclearization will be a great thing for world but also for north korea 
 a sketch years later about a nonexistent man. a total con job playing the fake news media for fools (but they know it)! https://t.co/9is7mhbfda 
 there is a revolution going on in california. soooo many sanctuary areas want out of this ridiculous crime infested &amp; breeding concept. jerry brown is trying to back out of the national guard at the border but the people of the state are not happy. want security &amp; safety now 
 while japan and south korea would like us to go back into tpp i don’t like the deal for the united states. too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for our workers. look how bad wto is to u.s 
 pastor andrew brunson a fine gentleman and christian leader in the united states is on trial and being persecuted in turkey for no reason. they call him a spy but i am more a spy than he is. hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs 
 it is my great honor to host @jpn_pmo @abeshinzo! https://t.co/qxmpcgrycf 
 @flotus melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush: https://t.co/4ow72iddqx 
 @flotus melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush: https://t.co/4nzyjxqafm 
 states and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. very unfair to traditional tax paying stores 
 today’s court decision means that congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. this is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by 
 congress – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. keep america safe 
 welcome prime minister abe! https://t.co/538eyyfwdq 
 rasmussen just came out at 51% approval despite the fake news media. they were one of the three most accurate on election day. just about the most inaccurate were cnn and abc news/washington post and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). much of the media is a scam 
 getting ready to meet prime minister abe of japan a truly fine gentleman 
 so many people are seeing the benefits of the tax cut bill. everyone is talking really nice to see 
 looks like jerry brown and california are not looking for safety and security along their very porous border. he cannot come to terms for the national guard to patrol and protect the border. the high crime rate will only get higher. much wanted wall in san diego already started 
 i am in florida and looking forward to my meeting with prime minister abe of japan. working on trade and military security 
 employment is up taxes are down. enjoy 
 russia and china are playing the currency devaluation game as the u.s. keeps raising interest rates. not acceptable 
 comey drafted the crooked hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in congress to senator g) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. disgruntled he mccabe and the others committed many crimes 
 just hit 50% in the rasmussen poll much higher than president obama at same point. with all of the phony stories and fake news it’s hard to believe! thank you america we are doing great things 
 slippery james comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the worst fbi director in history by far 
 attorney client privilege is now a thing of the past. i have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. all lawyers are deflated and concerned 
 i never asked comey for personal loyalty. i hardly even knew this guy. just another of his many lies. his memos are self serving and fake 
 the syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the fake news media could demean was by my use of the term mission accomplished. i knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great military term it should be brought back. use often 
 comey throws ag lynch under the bus! why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with wild bill and lynch? was she promised a supreme court seat or ag in order to lay off hillary. no golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break) 
 the big questions in comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like how come he gave up classified information (jail) why did he lie to congress (jail) why did the dnc refuse to give server to the fbi (why didn’t they take it) why the phony memos mccabe’s $700000 &amp; more 
 unbelievably james comey states that polls where crooked hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the clinton email probe. in other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. slimeball 
 so proud of our great military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our country has ever had. there won’t be anything or anyone even close 
 a perfectly executed strike last night. thank you to france and the united kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine military. could not have had a better result. mission accomplished 
 https://t.co/6vlqyalcto 
 doj just issued the mccabe report - which is a total disaster. he lied! lied! lied! mccabe was totally controlled by comey - mccabe is comey!! no collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes 
 we are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: made in the usa! https://t.co/grabsryubx 
 untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible director of the fbi. his handling of the crooked hillary clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst botch jobs of history. it was my great honor to fire james comey 
 james comey is a proven leaker &amp; liar. virtually everyone in washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. he leaked classified information for which he should be prosecuted. he lied to congress under oath. he is a weak and 
 tremendous pressure is building like never before for the border wall and an end to crime cradling sanctuary cities. started the wall in san diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. they will soon be protected 
 would only join tpp if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to pres. obama. we already have bilateral deals with six of the eleven nations in tpp and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations japan who has hit us hard on trade for years 
 america’s greatest treasure is our people – and my administration hears your voice and has your back. we are fighting to give every american a future of dignity purpose and pride. american spirit is back! #taxcuts https://t.co/osgze0irbf 
 thank you to all of the american workers who travelled here today! this event is dedicated to you: the hardworking americans who make this nation run. you love your country you provide for your family you have pride in your work and you cherish our great american flag! #taxcuts https://t.co/rwalpcrph5 
 just had an agricultural roundtable with memembers of congress and governors.i will be making remarks on the large scale tax cuts given to american families and workers at 1:45 p.m. from the rose garden. join me live: https://t.co/xachz3zuse https://t.co/dqe8qhpdaz 
 i have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with robert mueller (unlike the clintons!). i have full confidence in ty cobb my special counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process 
 on yom hashoah we remember the six million jews slaughtered in the holocaust. with each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #neveragain. #holocaustremembranceday https://t.co/tyga4vtjlt 
 good luck to mike pompeo during his confirmation hearing today. he will be a great secretary of state 
 never said when an attack on syria would take place. could be very soon or not so soon at all! in any event the united states under my administration has done a great job of ridding the region of isis. where is our thank you america 
 california governor jerry brown is doing the right thing and sending the national guard to the border. thank you jerry good move for the safety of our country 
 if i wanted to fire robert mueller in december as reported by the failing new york times i would have fired him. just more fake news from a biased newspaper 
 big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 p.m. on @foxnews 
 honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the @whitehouse this evening. lots to discuss as we continue making america great again! https://t.co/b9z5nfdkcl 
 trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform https://t.co/lqlacddlug 
 the @whitehouse is partnering with @interior and @natlparkservice to bring the @nscsafety's prescribed to death opioid memorial to the ellipse - beginning tomorrow april 12th to april 18th. more information: https://t.co/z4fpqxt4bl https://t.co/xvscpqvakq 
 speaker paul ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. we are with you paul 
 much of the bad blood with russia is caused by the fake &amp; corrupt russia investigation headed up by the all democrat loyalists or people that worked for obama. mueller is most conflicted of all (except rosenstein who signed fisa &amp; comey letter). no collusion so they go crazy 
 our relationship with russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the cold war. there is no reason for this. russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. stop the arms race 
 russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at syria. get ready russia  because they will be coming nice and new and smart! you shouldn’t be partners with a gas killing animal who kills his people and enjoys it 
 doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt russia investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. no collusion or obstruction (other than i fight back) so now they do the unthinkable and raid a lawyers office for information! bad 
 so much fake news about what is going on in the white house. very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with china the coming north korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in syria. feels great to have bolton &amp; larry k on board. i (we) are 
 the failing new york times wrote another phony story. it was political pundit doug schoen not a ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (skype) hosted by doug in ukraine. i was very positive about ukraine-another negative to the fake russia  c story 
 today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 ncaa football national champion alabama crimson tide - to the white house. congratulations! #rolltidehttps://t.co/hf5ezhlsvs https://t.co/jfgue4iis1 
 very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. we will make great progress together 
 very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. we will make great progress together 
 last night it was my great honor to host america’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the white house. america’s military is the greatest fighting force in the history of the world. they all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! https://t.co/bjwkcmx0il 
 a total witch hunt 
 attorney–client privilege is dead 
 great @cabinet meeting at the @whitehouse this morning! https://t.co/kzmfovwueb https://t.co/7agbwbfnuw 
 the democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. i will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! https://t.co/zkggplaads 
 when a car is sent to the united states from china there is a tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. when a car is sent to china from the united states there is a tariff to be paid of 25%. does that sound like free or fair trade.  no it sounds like stupid trade -  going on for years 
 congratulations to patrick reed on his great and courageous masters win! when patrick had his amazing win at doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead. now he is the masters champion 
 if president obama had crossed his stated red line in the sand the syrian disaster would have ended long ago! animal assad would have been history 
 to pay. open area immediately for medical help and verification. another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. sick 
 many dead including women and children in mindless chemical attack in syria. area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by syrian army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. president putin russia and iran are responsible for backing animal assad. big price 
 president xi and i will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. china will take down its trade barriers because it is the right thing to do. taxes will become reciprocal &amp; a deal will be made on intellectual property. great future for both countries 
 the washington post is far more fiction than fact. story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. story on john kelly isn’t true just another hit job 
 the washington post is far more fiction than fact. story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. always quoting sources (not names) many of which don’t exist. story on john kelly isn’t true...just another hit job 
 the fbi closed the case on hillary which was a rigged investigation. they exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath..... and much more. so true jesse! @wattersworld 
 while security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor scott pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at epa. record clean air &amp; water while saving usa billions of dollars. rent was about market rate travel expenses ok. scott is doing a great job 
 fire at trump tower is out. very confined (well built building). firemen (and women) did a great job. thank you 
 what does the department of justice and fbi have to hide? why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the house judiciary committee? stalling but for what reason? not looking good 
 lawmakers of the house judiciary committee are angrily accusing the department of justice of missing the thursday deadline for turning over unredacted documents relating to fisa abuse fbi comey lynch mccabe clinton emails and much more. slow walking - what is going on? bad 
 we are sealing up our southern border. the people of our great country want safety and security. the dems have been a disaster on this very important issue 
 the united states hasn’t had a trade surplus with china in 40 years. they must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only reciprocal tariffs. the u.s. is losing $500 billion a year and has been losing billions of dollars for decades. cannot continue 
 just spoke to @justintrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible humboldt team tragedy. may god be with them all 
 congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in new york city. it was an honor to join you two – good luck! https://t.co/sultcrp3ic 
 bet founder: trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force https://t.co/ttmdfi4bv0 
 america is open for business! https://t.co/5jxdojpzmn 
 do you believe that the fake news media is pushing hard on a story that i am going to replace a.g. jeff sessions with epa chief scott pruitt who is doing a great job but is totally under siege? do people really believe this stuff? so much of the media is dishonest and corrupt 
 china which is a great economic power is considered a developing nation within the world trade organization. they therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the u.s. does anybody think this is fair. we were badly represented. the wto is unfair to u.s 
 despite the aluminum tariffs aluminum prices are down 4%. people are surprised i’m not! lots of money coming into u.s. coffers and jobs jobs jobs 
 thank you @wvgovernor jim justice. it was my great honor to be with the amazing people of west virginia today! #maga https://t.co/iwpuqnadmm 
 thanks to our historic tax cuts america is open for business and millions of american workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses! https://t.co/0u3dpljiv2 
 the fake news washington post amazon’s chief lobbyist has another (of many) phony headlines trump defiant as china adds trade penalties. wrong! should read trump defiant as u.s. adds trade penalties will end barriers and massive  i.p. theft. typically bad reporting 
 the caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our border. because of the trump administrations actions border crossings are at a still unacceptable 46 year low. stop drugs 
 still rising: rasmussen poll shows donald trump approval ratings now at 51 percent https://t.co/q80pae0gqo 
 today we honor dr. martin luther king jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. earlier this year i spoke about dr. king’s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting americans. #mlk50 proclamation: https://t.co/xxtpo0vx5a https://t.co/sh0esmsymt 
 our thoughts and prayers are with the four u.s. marines from the 3rd marine aircraft wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s southern california helicopter crash. we pray for their families and our great @usmc 
 when you’re already $500 billion down you can’t lose 
 we are not in a trade war with china that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the u.s. now we have a trade deficit of $500 billion a year with intellectual property theft of another $300 billion. we cannot let this continue 
 our border laws are very weak while those of mexico &amp; canada are very strong. congress must change these obama era and other laws now! the democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....crime! we will be taking strong action today 
 was just briefed on the shooting at youtube’s hq in san bruno california. our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. thank you to our phenomenal law enforcement officers and first responders that are currently on the scene 
 we will protect our southern border! https://t.co/z7fqqkcnez 
 today it was my honor to welcome estonia president @kerstikaljulaid lithuania president @grybauskaite_lt and latvia president @vejonis to the @whitehouse. congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #balticsummit: https://t.co/xachz3zuse https://t.co/rrftytgevb 
 i am right about amazon costing the united states post office massive amounts of money for being their delivery boy. amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the american taxpayer. many billions of dollars. p.o. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?) 
 thank you to rasmussen for the honest polling. just hit 50% which is higher than cheatin’ obama at the same time in his administration 
 check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @cnn unless you state that you are totally anti-trump? little jeff zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. they should clean up and strengthen cnn and get back to honest reporting 
 the big caravan of people from honduras now coming across mexico and heading to our weak laws border had better be stopped before it gets there. cash cow nafta is in play as is foreign aid to honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. congress must act now 
 the fake news networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased agenda are worried about the competition and quality of sinclair broadcast. the fakers at cnn nbc abc &amp; cbs have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction 
 #autismawarenessday #lightitupblue https://t.co/jazse6yees 
 president trump's approval rate among likely u.s. voters hit 50 percent on monday which puts him higher than former president barack obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll. via: @anna_giaritelli @dcexaminer https://t.co/zzycnodcqj 
 39% of my nominations including diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to democrat obstruction and delay. at this rate it would take more than 7 years before i am allowed to have these great people start working. never happened before. disgraceful 
 honduras mexico and many other countries that the u.s. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our weak immigration policies. caravans are heading here. must pass tough laws and build the wall. democrats allow open borders drugs and crime 
 as ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our southern border back where they came from. a whole big wasted procedure must take place. mexico &amp; canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an obama joke. act congress 
 president donald j. trump proclaims april 2 2018 world autism awareness day https://t.co/ecbchfll0p 
 an honor to host the annual @whitehouse easter egg roll! https://t.co/bomjrk8fyk 
 so sad that the department of justice and the fbi are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by congress. an embarrassment to our country 
 only fools or worse are saying that our money losing post office makes money with amazon. they lose a fortune and this will be changed. also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field 
 so funny to watch fake news networks among the most dishonest groups of people i have ever dealt with criticize sinclair broadcasting for being biased. sinclair is far superior to cnn and even more fake nbc which is a total joke 
 mexico is making a fortune on nafta...they have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. with all of the money they make from the u.s. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until congress changes our immigration laws 
 daca is dead because the democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the daca bandwagon... no longer works. must build wall and secure our borders with proper border legislation. democrats want no borders hence drugs and crime 
 congress must immediately pass border legislation use nuclear option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of drugs and people. border patrol agents (and ice) are great but the weak dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. act now congress our country is being stolen 
 mexico has the absolute power not to let these large caravans of people enter their country. they must stop them at their northern border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws 
 these big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of daca. they want in on the act 
 mexico is doing very little if not nothing at stopping people from flowing into mexico through their southern border and then into the u.s. they laugh at our dumb immigration laws. they must stop the big drug and people flows or i will stop their cash cow nafta. need wall 
 border patrol agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the border because of ridiculous liberal (democrat) laws like catch &amp; release. getting more dangerous. caravans coming. republicans must go to nuclear option to pass tough laws now. no more daca deal 
 happy easter 
 governor jerry moonbeam brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) kidnapping and robbery (2) badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) dealing drugs. is this really what the great people of california want? @foxnews 
 does not include the fake washington post which is used as a lobbyist and should so  register. if the p.o. increased its parcel rates amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 billion. this post office scam must stop. amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now 
 while we are on the subject it is reported that the u.s. post office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for amazon. that amounts to billions of dollars. the failing n.y. times reports that the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned and that 
 https://t.co/um3yj6luid 
 washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. no more! it's time to rebuild and we will do it with american workers american grit and american pride! https://t.co/q9rpzi2d2s 
 jobs jobs jobs! unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. together we are making the economy great again! https://t.co/pn2te5hdqm 
 we are going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the great state of ohio. a tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the american worker are forged and refined! https://t.co/bu3ks62c0x 
 i have stated my concerns with amazon long before the election. unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state &amp; local governments use our postal system as their delivery boy (causing tremendous loss to the u.s.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business 
 in the interim hon. robert wilkie of dod will serve as acting secretary. i am thankful for dr. david shulkin’s service to our country and to our great veterans 
 i am pleased to announce that i intend to nominate highly respected admiral ronny l. jackson md as the new secretary of veterans affairs 
 great briefing this afternoon on the start of our southern border wall! https://t.co/pmcnoxxlkh 
 release known dangerous criminals into communities across the state. all citizens have the right to be protected by federal law and strong borders 
 my administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in orange county defending their rights against california's illegal and unconstitutional sanctuary policies. california's sanctuary laws 
 @ustraderep just announced an agreement in principle with south korea on korus! a great deal for american and korean workers. let’s now focus on our important security relationship 
 received message last night from xi jinping of china that his meeting with kim jong un went very well and that kim looks forward to his meeting with me. in the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost 
 for years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the korean peninsula was not even a small possibility. now there is a good chance that kim jong un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. look forward to our meeting 
 the second amendment will never be repealed! as much as democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former supreme court justice stevens no way. we need more republicans in 2018 and must always hold the supreme court 
 i am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the president's park in april. i encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. we will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! https://t.co/zm7ayjyecr 
 trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the united states fairly. in the end all will be happy 
 great news! #maga https://t.co/mrqgrjkozc 
 so much fake news. never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. but through it all our country is doing great 
 the economy is looking really good. it has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. the underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better 
 @howiecarrshow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. he was a great help. he is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in nh and beyond. he calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. the book is called what really happened. enjoy! #maga https://t.co/jyhjpojkhe 
 president donald j. trump proclaims march 25 2018 as greek independence day: a national day of celebration of greek and american democracy https://t.co/gwsj2uk2xd https://t.co/gltmwxina2 
 happy national #medalofhonorday to our heroes. we love you! https://t.co/6eui31r4gz 
 lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and i am very happy with my existing team. besides there was no collusion with russia except by crooked hillary and the dems 
 many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the russia case...don’t believe the fake news narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. fame &amp; fortune will never be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. problem is that a new 
 much can be done with the $1.6 billion given to building and fixing the border wall. it is just a down payment. work will start immediately. the rest of the money will come - and remember daca the democrats abandoned you (but we will not) 
 because of the $700 &amp; $716 billion dollars gotten to rebuild our military many jobs are created and our military is again rich. building a great border wall with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our country is all about national defense. build wall through m 
 france honors a great hero. officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in isis related terror attack. so much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical islamic terrorism. even stronger measures needed especially at borders 
 our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in france yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss. we also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. we are with you @emmanuelmacron 
 as a matter of national security i've signed the omnibus spending bill. i say to congress: i will never sign another bill like this again. to prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again i'm calling on congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! https://t.co/kywmk5ae5k 
 obama administration legalized bump stocks. bad idea. as i promised today the department of justice will issue the rule banning bump stocks with a mandated comment period. we will ban all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns 
 news conference at the white house concerning the omnibus spending bill.  1:00 p.m 
 i am considering a veto of the omnibus spending bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus daca recipients have been totally abandoned by the democrats (not even mentioned in bill) and the border wall which is desperately needed for our national defense is not fully funded 
 daca was abandoned by the democrats. very unfair to them! would have been tied to desperately needed wall 
 house intelligence committee votes to release final report. findings: (1) no evidence provided of collusion between trump campaign &amp; russia. (2)  the obama administrations post election response was insufficient. (3) clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts 
 i am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 @ambjohnbolton will be my new national security advisor. i am very thankful for the service of general h.r. mcmaster who has done an outstanding job &amp; will always remain my friend. there will be an official contact handover on 4/9 
 my honor charlie - thank you! #maga https://t.co/zbxfxnvmlp 
 as a candidate i pledged that if elected i would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect american workers and defend our national security.  today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. https://t.co/7nbi0dibmx https://t.co/nmzqos3bua 
 remember when they were saying during the campaign that donald trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as crooked hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. well not saying that anymore 
 crazy joe biden is trying to act like a tough guy. actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. he doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. don’t threaten people joe 
 democrats refused to take care of daca. would have been so easy but they just didn’t care. i had to fight for military and start of wall 
 got $1.6 billion to start wall on southern border rest will be forthcoming. most importantly got $700 billion to rebuild our military $716 billion next year...most ever. had to waste money on dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment 
 they can help solve problems with north korea syria ukraine isis iran and even the coming arms race. bush tried to get along but didn’t have the smarts. obama and clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember reset). peace through strength 
 i called president putin of russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past obama called him also). the fake news media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. they are wrong! getting along with russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing 
 special council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. i was opposed to the selection of mueller to be special council. i am still opposed to it. i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because 
 there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!  so stated by harvard law professor alan dershowitz 
 special council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. i was opposed the the selection of mueller to be special council i still am opposed to it. i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because 
 department of justice should have urged the supreme court to at least hear the drivers license case on illegal immigrants in arizona. i agree with @loudobbs. should have sought review 
 austin bombing suspect is dead. great job by law enforcement and all concerned 
 our nation was founded by farmers. our independence was won by farmers. and our continent was tamed by farmers. our farmers always lead the way -- we are proud of them and we are delivering for them! #nationalagricultureday 
 the democrats do not want to help daca. would be so easy to make a deal 
 a total witch hunt with massive conflicts of interest 
 @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! great! 8:18 a.m 
 why does the mueller team have 13 hardened democrats some big crooked hillary supporters and zero republicans? another dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? and yet there is no collusion 
 spent very little time with andrew mccabe but he never took notes when he was with me. i don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. same with lying james comey. can we call them fake memos 
 wow watch comey lie under oath to senator g when asked have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? he said strongly never no. he lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends 
 the mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. it was based on fraudulent activities and a fake dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc and improperly used in fisa court for surveillance of my campaign. witch hunt 
 the fake news is beside themselves that mccabe was caught called out and fired. how many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by crooked h friend terry m who was also under investigation? how many lies? how many leaks? comey knew it all and much more 
 as the house intelligence committee has concluded there was no collusion between russia and the trump campaign. as many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the fbi justice &amp; state. #draintheswamp 
 happy #stpatricksday https://t.co/4vvsw2smhb 
 andrew mccabe fired a great day for the hard working men and women of the fbi - a great day for democracy. sanctimonious james comey was his boss and made mccabe look like a choirboy. he knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the fbi 
 u.s. consumer confidence hits 14-year high https://t.co/txjssrom64 
 it would be great for the republican party of nevada and it’s unity if good guy danny tarkanian would run for congress and dean heller who is doing a really good job could run for senate unopposed 
 our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the iraq-syria border yesterday. their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten 
 president donald j. trump delivers remarks at the shamrock☘️bowl presentation by prime minister varadkar in the east room of the white house 🇺🇸🇮🇪 https://t.co/zbogpae09g 
 continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at fiu - so tragic. many brave first responders rushed in to save lives. thank you for your courage. praying this evening for all who are affected 
 it was my honor to welcome prime minister leo varadkar of ireland to the @whitehouse! https://t.co/zt3wnizr2l 
 we do have a trade deficit with canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). p.m. justin trudeau of canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that canada has a surplus vs. the u.s.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how i know 
 larry kudlow will be my chief economic advisor as director of the national economic council. our country will have many years of great economic &amp; financial success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #maga 
 please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @usnavy. https://t.co/60bhhrp8y1 
 it was wonderful to be back in missouri where our push for historic tax cuts all began. six months ago i promised that we would cut taxes to bring main street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! https://t.co/4kpofeii3i 
 together we are making america great again! https://t.co/cuutl5szxq 
 today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act. we must put the safety of america's children first by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. a tragedy like parkland can't happen ever again 
 thank you for hosting! #maga https://t.co/9phh60dvlx 
 we cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our country 
 five of our incredible @cabinet secretaries are testifying on the hill this morning on the need to rebuild our nation’s crumbling infrastructure. we need to build fast &amp; we need to build for our future. thank you @senatecommerce for hosting this hearing! #infrastructureinamerica 
 perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of u.s. companies been better than they are today 
 hundreds of good people including very important ambassadors and judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the democrats in the senate. many important positions in government are unfilled because of this obstruction. worst in u.s. history 
 all across this nation we pray for our country and we thank god for our united states marines! thank you. god bless you. and god bless america! https://t.co/vkxbd0cgh1 
 it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine corps air station miramar to our great u.s. military straight from the heart of the american people: we support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/oct1nh3don 
 it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine core air station miramar to our great u.s. military straight from the heart of the american people: we support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/negcr6rm7y 
 if we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country. congress must fund the border wall &amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp; the people of our country. we must enforce our laws &amp; protect our people! #buildthewall https://t.co/ngqnueukvj 
 california’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. thousands of dangerous &amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent americans. this must stop 
 according to the center for immigration studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole... https://t.co/ndlc6jzwwe 
 heading to see the border wall prototypes in california! https://t.co/fu6ukc271l 
 mike pompeo director of the cia will become our new secretary of state. he will do a fantastic job! thank you to rex tillerson for his service! gina haspel will become the new director of the cia and the first woman so chosen. congratulations to all 
 the economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. jobs and wages up. vote for rick saccone and keep it going 
 the house intelligence committee has after a 14 month long in-depth investigation found no evidence of collusion or coordination between the trump campaign and russia to influence the 2016 presidential election 
 it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 world series champion houston @astros to the @whitehouse! #houstonstrong https://t.co/io6b42jixa 
 the pittsburgh post gazette just endorsed rick saccone for congress. he will be much better for steel and business. very strong on experience and what our country needs. lamb will always vote for pelosi and dems....will raise taxes weak on crime and border 
 if schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. cowards will only go where there is no deterrent 
 on 18 to 21 age limits watching court cases and rulings before acting. states are making this decision. things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support (to put it mildly) 
 very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by white house. legislation moving forward. bump stocks will soon be out. highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to state law. armed guards ok deterrent 
 secretary of commerce wilbur ross will be speaking with representatives of the european union about eliminating the large tariffs and barriers they use against the u.s.a. not fair to our farmers and manufacturers 
 rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. they know they are lying when they say it. turn off the show - fake news 
 the democrats continue to obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...a record in u.s. history. state department ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. senate must approve now 
 the republicans are 5-0 in recent congressional races a point which the fake news media continuously fails to mention. i backed and campaigned for all of the winners. they give me credit for one. hopefully rick saccone will be another big win on tuesday 
 have shown conclusively that there was no collusion with russia..just excuse for losing. the only collusion was that done by the dnc the democrats and crooked hillary. the writer of the story maggie haberman a hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access 
 the failing new york times purposely wrote a false story stating that i am unhappy with my legal team on the russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. wrong. i am very happy with my lawyers john dowd ty cobb and jay sekulow. they are doing a great job and 
 epic crowd in moon township pennsylvania tonight. thank you! get out on tuesday and vote for rick @saccone4pa18. together we are making america great again! https://t.co/ckbcosdq2l 
 join me live in moon township pennsylvania at 7:00pme. great crowd for a #maga rally!https://t.co/pyjng0wgdl 
 the european union wonderful countries who treat the u.s. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on steel &amp; aluminum. if they drop their horrific barriers &amp; tariffs on u.s. products going in we will likewise drop ours. big deficit. if not we tax cars etc. fair 
 in the first hours after hearing that north korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled &amp; amazed.they couldn’t believe it. but by the following morning the news became fake.they said so what who cares 
 north korea has not conducted a missile test since november 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. i believe they will honor that commitment 
 heading to moon township pennsylvania to be with a really good person state representative rick saccone who is running for congress. big &amp; happy crowd (why not some of the best economic numbers ever). rick will help me a lot. also tough on crime &amp; border. loves 2nd a &amp; vets 
 spoke to prime minister abe of japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with north korea. also discussing opening up japan to much better trade with the u.s. currently have a massive $100 billion trade deficit. not fair or sustainable. it will all work out 
 chinese president xi jinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea. president xi told me he appreciates that the u.s. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. china continues to be helpful 
 congratulations to kristian saucier a man who has served proudly in the navy on your newly found freedom. now you can go out and have the life you deserve 
 chinese president xi xinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea. president xi told me he appreciates that the u.s. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. china continues to be helpful 
 we are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our veterans 
 the deal with north korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the world. time and place to be determined 
 spoke to pm @turnbullmalcolm of australia. he is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of australia 
 that’s right @repbost! thank you for your support in helping put america back to work. it’s about jobs jobs jobs for our incredible workers and putting america first! https://t.co/chuqea6rsc 
 look forward to being in pennsylvania tomorrow in support of rick @saccone4pa18. big crowd expected in moon township. vote rick and see you there! #maga 
 jobs jobs jobs! #maga https://t.co/yaaqrca7zs 
 kim jong un talked about denuclearization with the south korean representatives not just a freeze. also no missile testing by north korea during this period of time. great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. meeting being planned 
 presidential proclamation on adjusting imports of aluminum into the united states  proclamation: https://t.co/acamtoual0remarks: https://t.co/nypercqfsu https://t.co/rcrkpvchkz 
 presidential proclamation on adjusting imports of steel into the united states proclamation: https://t.co/hxduwsoelzremarks: https://t.co/nypercqfsu https://t.co/q92fdyzeul 
 great meeting with @cabinet at the @whitehouse today! #maga https://t.co/inwj0qtosz 
 happy #internationalwomensdayfirst lady melania trump to present the 2018 international women of courage award https://t.co/ewytfxgvn2 
 looking forward to 3:30 p.m. meeting today at the white house. we have to protect &amp; build our steel and aluminum industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military 
 the u.s. is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft. we cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years 
 china has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a one billion dollar reduction in their massive trade deficit with the united states. our relationship with china has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. we must act soon 
 from bush 1 to present our country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated trade deficits of more than 12 trillion dollars. last year we had a trade deficit of almost 800 billion dollars. bad policies &amp; leadership. must win again!  #maga 
 @markburnetttv @realromadowney from bush 1 to present our country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated trade deficits of more than 12 trillion dollars. last year we had a trade deficit of almost 800 billion dollars. bad policies &amp; leadership. must win again!  #maga 
 great couple great book! https://t.co/cldi79rin8 
 will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new chief economic advisor. many people wanting the job - will choose wisely 
 possible progress being made in talks with north korea. for the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. the world is watching and waiting! may be false hope but the u.s. is ready to go hard in either direction 
 federal judge in maryland has just ruled that president trump has the right to end daca. president obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn’t. i am waiting for the dems they are running for the hills 
 lowest rated oscars in history. problem is we don’t have stars anymore - except your president (just kidding of course) 
 we will see what happens! https://t.co/y1qxoaufd9 
 we are getting it done - jobs and security! https://t.co/ui8bubj7yr 
 total inaction on daca by dems. where are you? a deal can be made 
 the new fake news narrative is that there is chaos in the white house. wrong! people will always come &amp; go and i want strong dialogue before making a final decision. i still have some people that i want to change (always seeking perfection). there is no chaos only great energy 
 it’s march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca. gave them 6 months they just don’t care. where are they? we are ready to make a deal 
 why did the obama administration start an investigation into the trump campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the election in november? wanted to discredit so crooked h would win. unprecedented. bigger than watergate! plus obama did nothing about russian meddling 
 to protect our country we must protect american steel! #america first 
 treat our farmers much better. highly restrictive. mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the u.s. they have not done what needs to be done. millions of people addicted and dying 
 we have large trade deficits with mexico and canada. nafta which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for u.s.a. massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. tariffs on steel and aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair nafta agreement is signed. also canada must 
 we are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the u.s. for many years. our steel and aluminum industries are dead. sorry it’s time for a change! make america great again 
 the gridiron dinner last night was great fun. i am accomplishing a lot in washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the american people 
 if the e.u. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on u.s. companies doing business there we will simply apply a tax on their cars which freely pour into the u.s. they make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. big trade imbalance 
 the united states has an $800 billion dollar yearly trade deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies. our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. they laugh at what fools our leaders have been. no more 
 mainstream media in u.s. is being mocked all over the world. they’ve gone crazy! https://t.co/4ugyujpua7 
 happy national anthem day! https://t.co/cf1eugmbku 
 heading to billy graham funeral. a special man 
 rest in peace billy graham! https://t.co/2qmouccvc2 
 when a country taxes our products coming in at say 50% and we tax the same product coming into our country at zero not fair or smart. we will soon be starting reciprocal taxes so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 billion trade deficit-have no choice 
 we must protect our country and our workers. our steel industry is in bad shape. if you don’t have steel you don’t have a country 
 eric we are all with you and your family! look forward to seeing you back on t.v. https://t.co/d6y3q00bsy 
 alec baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on snl now says playing me was agony. alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. bring back darrell hammond funnier and a far greater talent 
 when a country (usa) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win. example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don’t trade anymore-we win big. it’s easy 
 alex baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on snl now says playing djt was agony for him. alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. you were terrible. bring back darrell hammond much funnier and a far greater talent 
 good (great) meeting in the oval office tonight with the nra 
 manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades 
 jobless claims at a 49 year low 
 together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. working together we will defeat this #opioidepidemic.full opioid summit: https://t.co/qqfevr4bbf https://t.co/ofvr0djmef 
 consumer confidence in february highest since november 2000 https://t.co/ugajrawexx 
 manufacturing in u.s. expands at fastest pace since may 2004 https://t.co/xzkws8ttml 
 unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. great news for workers and jobs jobs jobs! #maga https://t.co/szhtarzfrw 
 our steel and aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. we must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. we want free fair and smart trade 
 many ideas some good &amp; some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the white house. background checks a big part of conversation. gun free zones are proven targets of killers. after many years a bill should emerge. respect 2nd amendment 
 it was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of congress for a discussion on safe schools and safe communities. as we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. full meeting: https://t.co/tbl94scm01 https://t.co/tmumusor9x 
 today we honor billy graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. we say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the lord will raise up men and women like billy graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of god. https://t.co/em4lzuzpx9 
 starting at a small bible school in florida billy graham soon led a nationwide revival. from a large tent in los angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at yankee stadium to more than two million people at madison square garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... https://t.co/z1vvaemlbp 
 today in the center of this great chamber lies billy graham – an ambassador for christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of god’s grace. https://t.co/5amh8nfpjw 
 why is a.g. jeff sessions asking the inspector general to investigate potentially massive fisa abuse. will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on comey etc. isn’t the i.g. an obama guy? why not use justice department lawyers? disgraceful 
 45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. ice and border patrol agents are doing a great job for our country. ms-13 thugs being hit hard 
 i have decided that sections of the wall that california wants built now will not be built until the whole wall is approved. big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. our country must have border security 
 the heritage foundation has just stated that 64% of the trump agenda is already done faster than even ronald reagan. we’re blown away said thomas binion of heritage president trump is very active very conservative and very effective. huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues 
 big legal win today. u.s. judge sided with the trump administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great border wall on the southern border. now this important project can go forward 
 such a beautiful map thank you! https://t.co/fyqdgkvsro 
 @senatorwicker of mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive tax cut bill done and approved. also big help on cutting regs. i am with him in his re-election all the way 
 texas lc george p. bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and i back him now. also ac sid miller has been with me from the beginning he is trump’s man in texas. also support comptroller glenn hegar and railroad commissioner christi craddick 
 american consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....a strong job market is boosting confidence. the unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low. https://t.co/al7avor7xc 
 i want to encourage all of my many texas friends to vote in the primary for governor greg abbott senator ted cruz lt. gov. dan patrick and attorney general ken paxton. they are helping me to make america great again! vote early or on march 6th 
 witch hunt 
 we’ve seen no evidence of collusion....i have seen nothing the firing of james comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the president has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the president of the u.s. i just don’t see it.  judge ken starr 
 i’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. i just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.  jonathan turley on @foxnews 
 he’s got a very good point. somebody in the justice department has a treasure trove of evidence of mrs. clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. i fully agree with the president on that. @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum show 
 i will be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at 9:00 p.m. enjoy 
 congressman schiff omitted and distorted key facts @foxnews  so what else is new. he is a total phony 
 russians had no compromising information on donald trump @foxnews  of course not because there is none and never was. this whole witch hunt is an illegal disgrace...and obama did nothing about russia 
 dem memo: fbi did not disclose who the clients were - the clinton campaign and the dnc. wow 
 the democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal bust. just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. so illegal 
 big cpac straw poll results: 93% approve of the job president trump is doing (thank you!). 50% say president trump should tweet more or same (funny!). 79% say republicans in congress should do a better job of working with president trump (starting to happen) 
 dems are no longer talking daca! out of sight out of mind they say. daca beneficiaries should not be happy. nancy pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. republicans stand ready to make a deal 
 unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing regulations 
 democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great state of pennsylvania. @foxnews. this is very unfair to republicans and to our country as a whole. must be appealed to the united states supreme court asap 
 armed educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. very smart people. must be firearms adept &amp; have annual training. should get yearly bonus. shootings will not happen again - a big &amp; very inexpensive deterrent. up to states 
 so true wayne and lowest black unemployment in history! https://t.co/gdxxjdzqum 
 thank you to the great men and women of the united states @secretservice for a job well done 
 today @flotus melania and i were honored to welcome prime minister @turnbullmalcolm and mrs. turnbull of australia to the @whitehouse!🇺🇸🇦🇺press conference: https://t.co/rkokjgrsgu https://t.co/pkjuw8x9jb 
 our nation’s motto is in god we trust. this week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. we will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of billy graham! #cpac2018 https://t.co/5gdh7jonkv 
 we salute our great american flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance and we all proudly stand for the national anthem. #cpac2018 https://t.co/qgkw2xgjp0 
 after years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #cpac2018 https://t.co/rd9otu8iex 
 for those of you who are still interested the democrats have totally forgotten about daca. not a lot of interest on this subject from them 
 my daughter ivanka just arrived in south korea. we cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country 
 cpac today 
 ms-13 gang members are being removed by our great ice and border patrol agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from el salvador and through mexico like water. el salvador just takes our money and mexico must help more with this problem. we need the wall 
 school shooting survivor says he quit @cnn town hall after refusing scripted question. @tuckercarlson. just like so much of cnn fake news. that’s why their ratings are so bad! msnbc may be worse 
 today it was my great honor to host a school safety roundtable at the @whitehouse with state and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.there is nothing more important than protecting our children. they deserve to be safe and we will deliver! https://t.co/whc2axgwxo 
 on behalf of an entire nation congratulations to the u.s. women's hockey team on winning the gold! #goteamusa #olympics https://t.co/3cuzwlvgua 
 will be meeting with lawmakers today at 11:30 a.m. to discuss school safety.  next week it will be with our nation’s governors. it’s been many years of all talk no action. we’ll get it done 
 what many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that wayne chris and the folks who work so hard at the @nra are great people and great american patriots. they love our country and will do the right thing.                  make america great again 
 i will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health. raise age to 21 and end sale of bump stocks! congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - i hope 
 if a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will never attack that school. cowards won’t go there...problem solved. must be offensive defense alone won’t work 
 history shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes. it takes police &amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. highly trained gun adept teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive. great deterrent 
 immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. far more assets at much less cost than guards. a gun free school is a magnet for bad people. attacks would end 
 i never said give teachers guns like was stated on fake news @cnn &amp; @nbc. what i said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers a lot would now be able to 
 i will always remember the time i spent today with courageous students teachers and families. so much love in the midst of so much pain. we must not let them down. we must keep our children safe!!full listening session: https://t.co/x5venyqx5p https://t.co/capfx5odip 
 @flotus melania and i join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of billy graham. our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with reverend graham in his lifelong ministry. https://t.co/e1697tcyai 
 yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary law enforcement officers and first responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the medal of valor. #americanheroes https://t.co/em0wbbvy5p 
 question: if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation? ask jeff sessions 
 the great billy graham is dead. there was nobody like him! he will be missed by christians and all religions. a very special man 
 question: if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation? ask jeff session 
 @cnn @msnbc whether we are republican or democrat we must now focus on strengthening background checks 
 so true thank you! https://t.co/9ttxlfokyz 
 bad ratings @cnn &amp; @msnbc got scammed when they covered the anti-trump russia rally wall-to-wall. they probably knew it was fake news but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise 
 main street is booming thanks to our incredible tax cut and reform law. "this shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses." https://t.co/w9aw68uwoj 
 cameras running. another false accusation. why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? one had her home mortgage paid off. only @foxnews so reported...doesn’t fit the mainstream media narrative 
 a woman i don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the front page of the fake news washington post saying i kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of trump tower 12 years ago. never happened! who would do this in a public space with live security 
 i have been much tougher on russia than obama just look at the facts. total fake news 
 hope republicans in the great state of pennsylvania challenge the new pushed congressional map all the way to the supreme court if necessary. your original was correct! don’t let the dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp; waste money 
 matt schlapp and cpac are getting ready for another exciting event. big difference from those days when president obama held the white house. you’ve come a long way matt 
 republicans are now leading the generic poll perhaps because of the popular tax cuts which the dems want to take away. actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. also they want to do nothing on daca r’s want to fix 
 the president obama quote just before election. that’s because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to rock the boat. when i easily won the electoral college the whole game changed and the russian excuse became the narrative of the dems 
 there is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig america’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so i’d invite mr. trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.  
 thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the obama administration had against russia including crimea syria and so much more. we are now starting to win again 
 the faith of donald trump a book just out by david brody and scott lamb is a very interesting read. enjoy 
 the u.s. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. the unemployment numbers are looking great and regulations &amp; taxes have been massively cut! jobs jobs jobs 
 @mittromney has announced he is running for the senate from the wonderful state of utah. he will make a great senator and worthy successor to @orrinhatch and has my full support and endorsement 
 obama was president up to and beyond the 2016 election. so why didn’t he do something about russian meddling 
 have a great but very reflective president’s day 
 just watched a very insecure oprah winfrey who at one point i knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 minutes. the questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect. hope oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others 
 my great friends from nascar are having their big race today the daytona 500. brian france and the france family are special people. enjoy the race 
 thank you to kenstarr former independent counsel whitewater for your insight and powerful words on fisa abuse russian meddling etc. really great interview with @mariabartiromo 
 great pollster john mclaughlin now has the gop up in the generic congressional ballot. big gain over last 4 weeks. i guess people are loving the big tax cuts given them by the republicans the cuts the dems want to take away. we need more republicans 
 the fake news of big ratings loser cnn. https://t.co/rysv90cnvs 
 if it was the goal of russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the u.s. then with all of the committee hearings investigations and party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. they are laughing their asses off in moscow. get smart america 
 now that adam schiff is starting to blame president obama for russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the democrats lead by their fearless leader crooked hillary clinton lost the 2016 election. but wasn’t i a great candidate 
 i never said russia did not meddle in the election i said it may be russia or china or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. the russian hoax was that the trump campaign colluded with russia - it never did 
 finally liddle’ adam schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the obama administration for russian meddling in the 2016 election. he is finally right about something. obama was president knew of the threat and did nothing. thank you adam 
 never gotten over the fact that obama was able to send $1.7 billion dollars in cash to iran and nobody in congress the fbi or justice called for an investigation 
 general mcmaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the russians and that the only collusion was between russia and crooked h the dnc and the dems. remember the dirty dossier uranium speeches emails and the podesta company 
 very sad that the fbi missed all of the many signals sent out by the florida school shooter. this is not acceptable. they are spending too much time trying to prove russian collusion with the trump campaign - there is no collusion. get back to the basics and make us all proud 
 just like they don’t want to solve the daca problem why didn’t the democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the house &amp; senate during the obama administration. because they didn’t want to and now they just talk 
 i have seen all of the russian ads and i can say very definitively that swaying the election was *not* the main goal.rob goldmanvice president of facebook ads https://t.co/a5ft7cgjke 
 the fake news media never fails. hard to ignore this fact from the vice president of facebook ads rob goldman! https://t.co/xgc7ynzwyj 
 funny how the fake news media doesn’t want to say that the russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for president. maybe they knew i was going to run even though i didn’t know 
 deputy a.g. rod rosenstein stated at the news conference: there is no allegation in the indictment that any american was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. there is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election 
 charges deal don a big win written by michael goodwin of the @nypost succinctly states that the russians had no impact on the election results. there was no collusion with the trump campaign. she lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. case closed 
 melania and i met such incredible people last night in broward county florida. will never forget them or the evening 
 our entire nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp; their families in parkland fl. to teachers law enforcement first responders &amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: we thank you for your courage! https://t.co/3yjsrebzmg https://t.co/ti791denty 
 russia started their anti-us campaign in 2014 long before i announced that i would run for president. the results of the election were not impacted. the trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion 
 cannot believe how badly daca recipients have been treated by the democrats...totally abandoned! republicans are still working hard 
 i will be leaving for florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. am also working with congress on many fronts 
 presidential proclamation honoring the victims of the tragedy in parkland florida: https://t.co/rtqwakisnr https://t.co/nhs32bm5zb 
 lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for future illegal immigrants. voting for this amendment would be a vote against law enforcement and a vote for open borders. if dems are actually serious about daca they should support the grassley bill 
 the schumer-rounds-collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @dhsgov says it would be the end of immigration enforcement in america. it creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals) doesn’t build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa 
 in times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. these bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. https://t.co/bu140nscez https://t.co/ootxmcsexb 
 while the republicans and democrats in congress are working hard to come up with a solution to daca they should be strongly considering a system of merit based immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the usa 
 so many signs that the florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. must always report such instances to authorities again and again 
 just spoke to governor rick scott. we are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible florida school shooting 
 my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting. no child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an american school 
 today i was honored to be joined by republicans and democrats from both the house and senate as well as members of my cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore america’s depleted infrastructure. https://t.co/8byoqjsjtt https://t.co/bvbrdvhfcc 
 as we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of african-americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. proclamation: https://t.co/sw1igijgwv https://t.co/nx0aekzy5p 
 negotiations on daca have begun. republicans want to make a deal and democrats say they want to make a deal. wouldn’t it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the daca puzzle. this will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! march 5th 
 our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the democrats. after many years we have taken care of our military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. bipartisan make deal dems 
 the journey to #maga began @cpac 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something i look forward to every year. see you at #cpac2018 
 thank you to sue kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son nick to the opioid scourge for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. we are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - nick will not have died in vain 
 this will be a big week for infrastructure. after so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the middle east it is now time to start investing in our country 
 just spoke to @johnkasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @westervillepd. this is a true tragedy 
 rep. lou barletta a great republican from pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a fantastic senator. he is strong &amp; smart loves pennsylvania &amp; loves our country! voted for tax cuts unlike bob casey who listened to tax hikers pelosi and schumer 
 4.2 million hard working americans have already received a large bonus and/or pay increase because of our recently passed tax cut &amp; jobs bill....and it will only get better! we are far ahead of schedule 
 so many positive things going on for the u.s.a. and the fake news media just doesn’t want to go there. same negative stories over and over again! no wonder the people no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #maga 
 my administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans. https://t.co/xv1lgfhjbu 
 my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @westervillepd. https://t.co/aoingy77ky 
 republicans want to fix daca far more than the democrats do. the dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 and they decided not to do anything about daca. they only want to use it as a campaign issue. vote republican 
 agencies not just the fbi &amp; doj now the state department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the election. comey had conversations with donald trump which i don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt). tom fitton of judicial watch on @foxnews 
 my view is that not only has trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the dossier and the lies about the clinton/dnc dossier it shows that he’s been victimized. he’s been victimized by the obama administration who were using all sorts of 
 peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. some are true and some are false. some are old and some are new. there is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. is there no such thing any longer as due process 
 according to the @nytimes a russian sold phony secrets on trump to the u.s. asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. i hope people are now seeing &amp; understanding what is going on here. it is all now starting to come out - drain the swamp 
 the democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the white house for lack of transparency. told them to re-do and send back in proper form 
 jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low 
 costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more republicans in the 2018 election and beyond. this bill is a big victory for our military but much waste in order to get dem votes. fortunately daca not included in this bill negotiations to start now 
 without more republicans in congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our military. sadly we needed some dem votes for passage. must elect more republicans in 2018 election 
 just signed bill. our military will now be stronger than ever before. we love and need our military and gave them everything — and more. first time this has happened in a long time. also means jobs jobs jobs 
 wow! -senator mark warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a russian oligarch. warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting (in london) he requested with steele of fraudulent dossier fame. all tied into crooked hillary 
 time to end the visa lottery. congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans. https://t.co/yukxm48x9x 
 as long as we open our eyes to god’s grace - and open our hearts to god’s love - then america will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. #nationalprayerbreakfast https://t.co/1cwxs3l0uk 
 i will be meeting with henry kissinger at 1:45pm. will be discussing north korea china and the middle east 
 our founders invoked our creator four times in the declaration of independence. our currency declares in god we trust. and we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the pledge of allegiance and proclaim that we are one nation under god. #nationalprayerbreakfast https://t.co/zukp40ezpo 
 will be heading over shortly to make remarks at the national prayer breakfast in washington. great religious and political leaders and many friends including t.v. producer mark burnett of our wonderful 14 season apprentice triumph will be there. looking forward to seeing all 
 the budget agreement today is so important for our great military. it ends the dangerous sequester and gives secretary mattis what he needs to keep america great. republicans and democrats must support our troops and support this bill 
 congratulations to the republic of korea on what will be a magnificent winter olympics! what the south korean people have built is truly an inspiration! https://t.co/gin2b1h6ph 
 best wishes to the republic of korea on hosting the @olympics! what a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly great nation! https://t.co/abom2up48y 
 new fbi texts are bombshells 
 in the old days when good news was reported the stock market would go up. today when good news is reported the stock market goes down. big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy 
 congratulations @elonmusk and @spacex on the successful #falconheavy launch. this achievement along with @nasa’s commercial and international partners continues to show american ingenuity at its best! https://t.co/ezflspyjpk 
 happy birthday to our 40th president of the united states of america ronald reagan! https://t.co/jteglbhm4c 
 today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of ms-13 and the reforms we need from congress to defeat it. watch here: https://t.co/vpmtnko7ik https://t.co/4oaxxuj9va 
 we need a 21st century merit-based immigration system.  chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. https://t.co/rp9gtr2e5n 
 polling shows nearly 7 in 10 americans support an immigration reform package that includes daca fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. if d’s oppose this deal they aren’t serious about daca-they just want open borders. https://t.co/xdmcdor9vm 
 my prayers and best wishes are with the family of edwin jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @colts 
 so disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @colts linebacker edwin jackson. this is just one of many such preventable tragedies. we must get the dems to get tough on the border and with illegal immigration fast 
 thanks to the historic tax cuts that i signed into law your paychecks are going way up your taxes are going way down and america is once again open for business! https://t.co/gisfbddgxx 
 representative devin nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a great american hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure 
 any deal on daca that does not include strong border security and the desperately needed wall is a total waste of time. march 5th is rapidly approaching and the dems seem not to care about daca. make a deal 
 little adam schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in washington right up there with comey warner brennan and clapper! adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. must be stopped 
 thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition 
 the democrats are pushing for universal healthcare while thousands of people are marching in the uk because their u system is going broke and not working. dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. no thanks 
 congratulations to the philadelphia eagles on a great super bowl victory 
 my thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in south carolina. thank you to our incredible first responders for the work they’ve done 
 a tool of anti-trump political actors. this is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the fbi to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....the fbi wasn’t straight with congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators. wall street journal 
 the four page memo released friday reports the disturbing fact about how the fbi and fisa appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....the fbi failed to inform the fisa court that the clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the fbi became 
 great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. only russia russia russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is no collusion 
 this memo totally vindicates trump in probe. but the russian witch hunt goes on and on. their was no collusion and there was no obstruction (the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding nothing collusion is dead). this is an american disgrace 
 rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49% a far better number than i had in winning the election and higher than certain sacred cows. other trump polls are way up also. so why does the media refuse to write this? oh well someday 
 today it was my honor to join the great men and women of @dhsgov @customsborder @icegov and @uscis at the u.s. customs and border protection national targeting center in sterling virginia. fact sheet: https://t.co/q027wgdzdo https://t.co/necua0y1sk 
 trump the orator outlines the greatness of america to democrats’ disgust https://t.co/xpirrtty6v 
 with 3.5 million americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of tax cuts 2018 is off to great start!✅unemployment rate at 4.1%.✅average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.✅200000 new american jobs.✅#maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/upqsvbhrqj 
 you had hillary clinton and the democratic party try to hide the fact that they gave money to gps fusion to create a dossier which was used by their allies in the obama administration to convince a court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the trump team. tom fitton jw 
 the top leadership and investigators of the fbi and the justice department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of democrats and against republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. rank &amp; file are great people 
 the democrats just aren’t calling about daca. nancy pelosi and chuck schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll disappoint you again. we have a great chance to make a deal or blame the dems! march 5th is coming up fast 
 thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the state of the union speech. 45.6 million people watched the highest number in history. @foxnews beat every other network for the first time ever with 11.7 million people tuning in. delivered from the heart 
 march 5th is rapidly approaching and the democrats are doing nothing about daca. they resist blame complain and obstruct - and do nothing. start pushing nancy pelosi and the dems to work out a daca fix now 
 heading to beautiful west virginia to be with great members of the republican party. will be planning infrastructure and discussing immigration and daca not easy when we have no support from the democrats. not one dem voted for our tax cut bill! need more republicans in ‘18 
 join me live for the #sotuhttps://t.co/0slktwxfhi 
 congratulations to america’s new secretary of @hhsgov alex azar! https://t.co/y9inqact7o 
 our economy is better than it has been in many decades. businesses are coming back to america like never before. chrysler as an example is leaving mexico and coming back to the usa. unemployment is nearing record lows. we are on the right track 
 somebody please inform jay-z that because of my policies black unemployment has just been reported to be at the lowest rate ever recorded 
 democrats are not interested in border safety &amp; security or in the funding and rebuilding of our military. they are only interested in obstruction 
 i have offered daca a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to citizenship for two reasons: (1) because the republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) to show that democrats do not want to solve daca only use it 
 taliban targeted innocent afghans brave police in kabul today. our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders. we will not allow the taliban to win 
 on holocaust remembrance day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil nazi genocide. we pledge with all of our might and resolve: never again! https://t.co/pfhm7uiz0c https://t.co/25w0szhtou 
 thank you to brandon judd of the national border patrol council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly need the wall. must also end loophole of catch &amp; release and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border now for safety &amp; security reasons 
 thank you for the wonderful welcome @wef! #davos2018 https://t.co/iqkoqjxr5b 
 daca has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that cryin’ chuck schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration 
 heading back from a very exciting two days in davos switzerland. speech on america’s economic revival was well received. many of the people i met will be investing in the u.s.a.! #maga 
 join me live at the 2018 world economic forum in davos switzerland! #wef18 https://t.co/fdhejcmv73 https://t.co/dukjlvtwb8 
 great bilateral meeting with president @alain_berset of the swiss confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. such an honor to be in switzerland! #wef18 https://t.co/87plrcpqkz 
 it was an honor to meet with republic of rwanda president paul kagame this morning in davos switzerland. many great discussions! #wef18 https://t.co/sapzwvhdib 
 will be interviewed on  @squawkcnbc by @joesquawk coming up at 6:00ame from davos switzerland. enjoy! #wef18 https://t.co/7egylxnfbd 
 today americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @nasa who lost their lives in our nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. https://t.co/clbsjtgz8b https://t.co/jtjkusdbqa 
 very productive bilateral meeting with prime minister benjamin @netanyahu of israel - in davos switzerland! #wef18 https://t.co/2szm9yi7tj 
 great bilateral meeting with prime minister theresa may of the united kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #wef18 https://t.co/fpp8ardayt 
 will soon be heading to davos switzerland to tell the world how great america is and is doing. our economy is now booming and with all i am doing will only get better...our country is finally winning again 
 it was my great honor to welcome mayor’s from across america to the wh. my administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. together we will usher in a bold new era of peace and prosperity! https://t.co/dmyectnk0a https://t.co/rsv7v7r0dt 
 earlier today i spoke with @govmattbevin of kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at marshall county high school. my thoughts and prayers are with bailey holt preston cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. we are with you 
 tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in america. there has never been anything like it. now disney j.p. morgan chase and many others. massive regulation reduction and tax cuts are making us a powerhouse again. long way to go! jobs jobs jobs 
 cryin’ chuck schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no wall there is no daca. we must have safety and security together with a strong military for our great people 
 where are the 50000 important text messages between fbi lovers lisa page and peter strzok?  blaming samsung 
 thank you to general john kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the staff and others in the white house for a job well done. long hours and fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to win and few have won more than us 
 nobody knows for sure that the republicans &amp; democrats will be able to reach a deal on daca by february 8 but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on military strength and border security. the dems have just learned that a shutdown is not the answer 
 in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi now says it is missing five months worth of lovers strzok-page texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time. wow 
 in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi says it is now missing five months worth of lovers strzok - page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time. wow 
 even crazy jim acosta of fake news cnn agrees: trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone: trump wins again...schumer and dems caved...gambled and lost. thank you for your honesty jim 
 big win for republicans as democrats cave on shutdown. now i want a big win for everyone including republicans democrats and daca but especially for our great military and border security. should be able to get there. see you at the negotiating table 
 end the democrats obstruction! https://t.co/tzbxilvw1b 
 democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. they don’t want to do it but are powerless 
 the democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. not good 
 thank you to brad blakeman on @foxnews for grading year one of my presidency with an a-and likewise to doug schoen for the very good grade and statements. working hard 
 great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border. the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. if stalemate continues republicans should go to 51% (nuclear option) and vote on real long term budget no c.r.’s 
 eric trump on @judgejeanine on @foxnews now 
 the trump administration has terminated more unnecessary regulation in just twelve months than any other administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length. the good news is there is much more to come 
 unprecedented success for our country in so many ways since the election. record stock market strong on military crime borders &amp; isis judicial strength &amp; numbers lowest unemployment for women &amp; all massive tax cuts end of individual mandate - and so much more. big 2018 
 beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all women to march. get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. lowest female unemployment in 18 years 
 democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. can’t let that happen 
 #america first 
 for those asking the republicans only have 51 votes in the senate and they need 60. that is why we need to win more republicans in 2018 election! we can then be even tougher on  crime (and border) and even better to our military &amp; veterans 
 this is the one year anniversary of my presidency and the democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #democratshutdown 
 democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dangerous southern border. they could have easily made a deal but decided to play shutdown politics instead. #weneedmorerepublicansin18 in order to power through mess 
 not looking good for our great military or safety &amp; security on the very dangerous southern border. dems want a shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the tax cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy 
 excellent preliminary meeting in oval with @senschumer - working on solutions for security and our great military together with @senatemajldr mcconnell and @speakerryan. making progress - four week extension would be best 
 just signed 702 bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. this is not the same fisa law that was so wrongly abused during the election. i will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the american people first 
 today i was honored and proud to address the 45th annual @march_for_life! you are living witnesses of this year’s march for life theme: #lovesaveslives. https://t.co/dmst4qhdmp 
 shutting down the government is a very serious thing. people die accidents happen. i don’t know how i would vote right now on a cr ok?sen. dianne feinstein (d-calif)https://t.co/7xp3cbnv5j 
 @whitehouse briefing with director marc short and director mick mulvaney...https://t.co/0o0vsyxmhb 
 government funding bill past last night in the house of representatives. now democrats are needed if it is to pass in the senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. shutdown coming? we need more republican victories in 2018 
 house of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight. so important for our country - our military needs it 
 america will once again be a nation that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars. you are the ones who will shape america’s destiny. you are the ones who will restore our prosperity. and you are the ones who are making america great again! #maga https://t.co/f2abnk47ii 
 departing pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that america is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! https://t.co/kwpgylqfzj 
 a government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the dems care very little about 
 chip should be part of a long term solution not a 30 day or short term extension 
 we need the wall for the safety and security of our country. we need the wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. if there is no wall there is no deal 
 will be going to pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to rick saccone running for congress in a special election (march 13). rick is a great guy. we need more republicans to continue our already successful agenda 
 the wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the u.s. the $20 billion dollar wall is peanuts compared to what mexico makes from the u.s. nafta is a bad joke 
 the wall is the wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day i conceived of it. parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water 
 isis is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. we are making america great again 
 despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters i respect and lots of good news for the american people to be proud of 
 and the fake news winners are...https://t.co/59g6x2f7fd 
 main street is back! strongest holiday sales bump since the great recession -- beating forecasts by billions of dollars. https://t.co/kdcgbmiest 
 during the campaign i promised to make america great again by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. i am very proud to see companies like chrysler moving operations from mexico to michigan where there are so many great american workers! https://t.co/hz2q9utfnf 
 i promised that my policies would allow companies like apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the united states. great to see apple follow through as a result of tax cuts. huge win for american workers and the usa! https://t.co/owxvuylob1 
 today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend and true american hero bob dole. #congressionalgoldmedal https://t.co/qnqqdlrmck 
 eric trump on @foxandfriends  now 
 we need to keep america safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is merit-based. https://t.co/7ptosfk1n2 
 new report from doj &amp; dhs shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. we have submitted to congress a list of resources and reforms 
 today it was my honor to welcome president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan to the @whitehouse! https://t.co/teryfzviax 
 president donald j. trump proclaims january 16 2018 as religious freedom day https://t.co/bd3r2djfyp 
 unemployment for black americans is the lowest ever recorded. trump approval ratings with black americans has doubled. thank you and it will get even (much) better! @foxnews 
 90% of trump 2017 news coverage was negative -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends 
 do you notice the fake news mainstream media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. the russian collusion hoax is dead except as it pertains to the dems. public gets it 
 the democrats want to shut down the government over amnesty for all and border security. the biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding military at a time we need it more than ever. we need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! no more dangerous lottery 
 we must have security at our very dangerous southern border and we must have a great wall to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country 
 senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting. deals can’t get made when there is no trust! durbin blew daca and is hurting our military 
 to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. my standard is very simple america first &amp; make america great again 
 statement by me last night in florida: honestly i don’t think the democrats want to make a deal. they talk about daca but they don’t want to help..we are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. they don’t want security at the border they don’t want 
 big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible (among many other things). president trump reversed the policies of president obama and reversed our economic decline. thank you stuart varney.  @foxandfriends 
 president trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. tax cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers. most explosive stock market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18000 to 26000 from election and grounded in profitability and growth. all trump not 0 
 i as president want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on merit. no more lotteries! #america first 
 daca is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our military 
 and they knew exactly what i said and meant. they just wanted a story. fake news 
 the wall street journal stated falsely that i said to them i have a good relationship with kim jong un (of n. korea). obviously i didn’t say that. i said i’d have a good relationship with kim jong un a big difference. fortunately we now record conversations with reporters 
 so much fake news is being reported. they don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. they promote the fake book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. the mainstream media is crazed that we won the election 
 i don’t believe the democrats really want to see a deal on daca. they are all talk and no action. this is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. too bad 
 yesterday was another big day for jobs and the stock market. chrysler coming back to u.s. (michigan) from mexico and many more companies paying out tax cut money to employees. if dems won in november market would have tanked! it was headed for disaster 
 america first 
 the democrats are all talk and no action. they are doing nothing to fix daca. great opportunity missed. too bad 
 yesterday was a big day for the stock market. jobs are coming back to america. chrysler is coming back to the usa from mexico and many others will follow. tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. american business is hot again 
 today it was my great honor to proclaim january 15 2018 as martin luther king jr. federal holiday. i encourage all americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of dr. king's life and legacy. https://t.co/samljsz1nt 
 never said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country. never said take them out. made up by dems. i have a wonderful relationship with haitians. probably should record future meetings - unfortunately no trust 
 sadly democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for daca. take care of our military and our country first 
 the language used by me at the daca meeting was tough but this was not the language used. what was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for daca 
 because of the democrats not being interested in life and safety daca has now taken a big step backwards. the dems will threaten shutdown but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most. get smart make america great again 
 countries which are doing badly. i want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. i want safety and security for our people. i want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. i want to fund our military not do a dem defund 
 the so-called bipartisan daca deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of republican senators and congressmen was a big step backwards. wall was not properly funded chain &amp; lottery were made worse and usa would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime 
 reason i canceled my trip to london is that i am not a big fan of the obama administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in london for peanuts only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. bad deal. wanted me to cut ribbon-no 
 the democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the southern border risking thousands of lives in the process. it is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all americans. we must build a great wall think merit and end lottery &amp; chain. usa 
 democrat dianne feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. she blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first 
 chrysler is moving a massive plant from mexico to michigan reversing a years long opposite trend. thank you chrysler a very wise decision. the voters in michigan are very happy they voted for trump/pence. plenty of more to follow 
 more great news as a result of historical tax cuts and reform: fiat chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 billion in michigan plant relocating their heavy-truck production from mexico to michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to u.s. employees! https://t.co/47azkd0l9b 
 small business poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. all business is just at the beginning of something really special 
 thank you adam levine the federalist in interview on @foxandfriends  donald trump is the greatest president our country has ever seen 
 yesterday i signed the #interdictact (h.r. 2142) with bipartisan members of congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the united states! https://t.co/elzvfol5lo 
 great news as a result of our tax cuts &amp; jobs act! https://t.co/slvhlxp3jl 
 with that being said i have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. we need it! get smart 
 45 year low in illegal immigration this year. @foxandfriends 
 house votes on controversial fisa act today. this is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the trump campaign by the previous administration and others 
 in new quinnipiac poll 66% of people feel the economy is excellent or good. that is the highest number ever recorded by this poll 
 disproven and paid for by democrats dossier used to spy on trump campaign. did fbi use intel tool to influence the election? @foxandfriends  did dems or clinton also pay russians? where are hidden and smashed dnc servers? where are crooked hillary emails?  what a mess 
 good news: toyota and mazda announce giant new huntsville alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and suv’s a year and employ 4000 people. companies are coming back to the u.s. in a very big way. congratulations alabama 
 cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes america the place to invest! great news as toyota and mazda announce they are bringing 4000 jobs and investing $1.6 billion in alabama helping to further grow our economy! https://t.co/kcg8ivh6ia 
 the united states needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval. the safety and security of our country is #1! https://t.co/4cfzqxb5as 
 today it was my great honor to welcome prime minister erna solberg of norway to the @whitehouse - a great friend and ally of the united states! joint press conference: https://t.co/qwr1bhfqzi https://t.co/pjvwznjrco 
 i want to thank my @cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. together we are delivering results and making america great again! https://t.co/ptxa1hapww https://t.co/yv6ralkqf3 
 the single greatest witch hunt in american history continues. there was no collusion everybody including the dems knows there was no collusion &amp; yet on and on it goes. russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. republicans should finally take control 
 the fact that sneaky dianne feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between trump/russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace. must have tough primary 
 it just shows everyone how broken and unfair our court system is when the opposing side in a case (such as daca) always runs to the 9th circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts 
 @icegov hsi agents and ero officers on behalf of an entire nation thank you for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow american’s safe. everyone is so grateful!#lawenforcementappreciationdaypresident @realdonaldtrump https://t.co/hxcptlruvo 
 thank you @gopleader kevin mccarthy! couldn’t agree w/you more. together we are #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/qaxtqpyxtr 
 as i made very clear today our country needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval 
 today it was my great honor to sign a new executive order to ensure veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. we must ensure that our heroes are given the care and support they so richly deserve! https://t.co/0mdp9ddias https://t.co/lp2a8kcbap 
 happy new year! we are making america great again and much faster than anyone thought possible 
 as our country rapidly grows stronger and smarter i want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest fake news media a happy and healthy new year. 2018 will be a great year for america 
 iran the number one state of sponsored terror with numerous violations of human rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. not good 
 what a year it’s been and we're just getting started. together we are making america great again! happy new year!! https://t.co/qsmnyn1ujg 
 my deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in douglas county @dcsheriff and their families. we love our police and law enforcement - god bless them all! #lesm 
 why would smart voters want to put democrats in congress in 2018 election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the election. people are much better off now not to mention isis va judges strong border 2nd a tax cuts &amp; more 
 if the dems (crooked hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on election day. now they have a great future - and just beginning! https://t.co/9tzsc8f8vy 
 big protests in iran. the people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. looks like they will not take it any longer. the usa is watching very closely for human rights violations 
 trump rally: stocks put 2017 in the record books https://t.co/0foqgafjmh 
 jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the u.s. unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically cut and it will only get better. much more to come 
 i use social media not because i like to but because it is the only way to fight a very dishonest and unfair press now often referred to as fake news media. phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. many stories &amp; reports a pure fiction 
 on taxes: this is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.this is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. every year the obama wh overstated how the economy would grow. now real economics and jobs. @wsj report 
 oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the iranian people will face a choice. the world is watching! https://t.co/kvv1uaqcz9 
 the entire world understands that the good people of iran want change and other than the vast military power of the united states that iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... https://t.co/w8rkn9b6rt 
 many reports of peaceful protests by iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. iranian govt should respect their people’s rights including right to express themselves. the world is watching! #iranprotests 
 the democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no daca without the desperately needed wall at the southern border and an end to the horrible chain migration &amp; ridiculous lottery system of immigration etc. we must protect our country at all cost 
 why is the united states post office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making amazon richer and the post office dumber and poorer? should be charging much more 
 while the fake news loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on dec. 28 2017 was approximately the same as president obama on dec. 28 2009 which was 47%...and this despite massive negative trump coverage &amp; russia hoax 
 in the east it could be the coldest new year’s eve on record. perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old global warming that our country but not other countries was going to pay trillions of dollars to protect against. bundle up 
 together we are making america great again! https://t.co/oeytdfyl1q https://t.co/wdlqkfdy4m 
 i've been saying it for a long long time. #noko https://t.co/lql7tghmdo 
 caught red handed - very disappointed that china is allowing oil to go into north korea. there will never be a friendly solution to the north korea problem if this continues to happen 
 retail sales are at record numbers. we’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet 
 vanity fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at crooked h. anna wintour who was all set to be amb to court of st james’s &amp; a big fundraiser for ch is beside herself in grief &amp; begging for forgiveness 
 arrests of ms-13 members associates up 83% under trump https://t.co/70iphy2yqn 
 on 1/20 - the day trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 isis fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both iraq and syria. as of 12/21 the u.s. military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles.. @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer https://t.co/ogyeudgzd2 
 just left west palm beach fire &amp; rescue #2. met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. firefighters paramedics first responders - what amazing people they are 
 on 1/20 - the day trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 isis fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both iraq and syria. as of 12/21 the u.s. military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles... via @jamiejmcintyre https://t.co/0lxkmuope9 
 all signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our tax cut bill. will be a great year for companies and jobs! stock market is poised for another year of success 
 wow @foxandfrlends  dossier is bogus. clinton campaign dnc funded dossier. fbi cannot (after all of this time) verify claims in dossier of russia/trump collusion. fbi tainted. and they used this crooked hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the trump campaign 
 based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate has been terminated as part of our tax cut bill which essentially repeals (over time) obamacare the democrats &amp; republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new healthcare plan 
 i hope everyone is having a great christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to make america great again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated) 
 merry christmas!!! https://t.co/mytv5gndll 
 merry christmas!! https://t.co/xa2qxcisvv 
 people are proud to be saying merry christmas again. i am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. merry christmas 
 the tax cut/reform bill including massive alaska drilling and the repeal of the highly unpopular individual mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. don’t let the fake news convince you otherwise...and our insider polls are strong 
 the fake news refuses to talk about how big and how strong our base is. they show fake polls just like they report fake news. despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. make america great again 
 @foxnews-fbi’s andrew mccabe in addition to his wife getting all of this money from m (clinton puppet) he was using allegedly his fbi official email account to promote her campaign. you obviously cannot do this. these were the people who were investigating hillary clinton 
 remember the republicans are 5-0 in congressional races this year. in senate i said roy m would lose in alabama and supported big luther strange - and roy lost. virginia candidate was not a trumper and he lost.  good republican candidates will win big 
 the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. so many things accomplished by the trump administration perhaps more than any other president in first year. sadly will never be reported correctly by the fake news media 
 wow fbi lawyer james baker reassigned according to @foxnews 
 fbi deputy director andrew mccabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go? 
 how can fbi deputy director andrew mccabe the man in charge along with leakin’ james comey of the phony hillary clinton investigation (including her 33000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700000 for wife’s campaign by clinton puppets during investigation 
 remember the most hated part of obamacare is the individual mandate which is being terminated under our just signed tax cut bill 
 today it was my great honor to sign the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country. full remarks: https://t.co/kmxoxeb68g https://t.co/oeaoa0slfx 
 the united nations security council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional sanctions on north korea. the world wants peace not death 
 congressman ron desantis is a brilliant young leader yale and then harvard law who would make a great governor of florida. he loves our country and is a true fighter 
 95% of americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). the dems only want to raise your taxes 
 will be signing the biggest ever tax cut and reform bill in 30 minutes in oval office. will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill 
 with all my administration has done on legislative approvals (broke harry truman’s record) regulation cutting judicial appointments building military va tax cuts &amp; reform record economy/stock market and so much more i am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news 
 the president has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. thank you charlie kirk of turning points usa. sadly the fake mainstream media will never talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. we are compiling a long &amp; beautiful list 
 at some point and for the good of the country i predict we will start working with the democrats in a bipartisan fashion. infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. after having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the middle east it is time to start rebuilding our country 
 so true! https://t.co/1c8hu6o5t9 
 our big and very popular tax cut and reform bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. this is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage. merry christmas 
 thank you to everyone who joined me at the @whitehouse yesterday. together we are making america great again! https://t.co/9hgcbkdsxo https://t.co/dtmu8owmwb 
 house democrats want a shutdown for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed tax cuts. house republicans don’t let this happen. pass the c.r. today and keep our government open 
 home sales hit best numbers in 10 years! make america great again 
 was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? you deserve it - three great people! the many fake news hate shows should study your formula for success 
 the massive tax cuts which the fake news media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. companies are already making big payments to workers. dems want to raise taxes hate these big cuts 
 we are making america great again! https://t.co/hy353gxv0r 
 we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people!#taxcutsandjobsact https://t.co/llgatrch5o 
 together we are making america great again! https://t.co/47k9i4p3j2 
 i would like to congratulate @senatemajldr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the senate of the massive tax cut &amp; reform bill. i could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. our team will go onto many more victories 
 the tax cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the fake news is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated dems and only demean. this is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. jobs jobs jobs 
 the united states senate just passed the biggest in history tax cut and reform bill. terrible individual mandate (obamacare)repealed. goes to the house tomorrow morning for final vote. if approved there will be a news conference at the white house at approximately 1:00 p.m 
 congratulations to paul ryan kevin mccarthy kevin brady steve scalise cathy mcmorris rodgers and all great house republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes 
 a  story in the @washingtonpost that i was close to rescinding the nomination of justice gorsuch prior to confirmation is fake news. i never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a justice of the u.s. supreme court. the unnamed sources don’t exist 
 stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the tax cut bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. immediate expensing will have a big impact. biggest tax cuts and reform ever passed. enjoy and create many beautiful jobs 
 dow rises 5000 points on the year for the first time ever - make america great again 
 together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate american greatness as a shining example to the world.... https://t.co/ds6tzlgjpa 
 with the strategy that i announced today we are declaring that america is in the game and america is determined to win!our four pillars of national security strategy: https://t.co/b3poamvid8 
 70 record closes for the dow so far this year! we have never had 70 dow records in a one year period. wow 
 thank you maria b! https://t.co/v1ur63cqlk 
 so true ivanka! https://t.co/bngujg69ki 
 as the world watches we are days away from passing historic tax cuts for american families and businesses. it will be the biggest tax cut and tax reform in the history of our country! https://t.co/evcakjuf8w 
 when the american people speak all of us should listen. just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear. on november 8 2016 you voted to make america great again! https://t.co/3aov53s0pu 
 over the past 11 months i have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries. i have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere i traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the american people! https://t.co/7sdseeihjh 
 our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in washington state. we are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... https://t.co/gyf5bdvm4g 
 my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in dupont washington. thank you to all of our wonderful first responders who are on the scene. we are currently monitoring here at the white house 
 the train accident that just occurred in dupont wa shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. seven trillion dollars spent in the middle east while our roads bridges tunnels railways (and more) crumble! not for long 
 ivanka trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends 
 remember republicans are 5-0 in congressional races this year. the media refuses to mention this. i said gillespie and moore would lose (for very different reasons) and they did. i also predicted  i would win. republicans will do well in 2018 very well! @foxandfriends 
 more than a century after conquering flight the #wrightbrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire americans who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. this great american spirit can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: https://t.co/nekpmgkdg8 https://t.co/podjl00lay 
 wonderful weekend at camp david. a very special place. a lot of very important work done. heading back to the @whitehouse now. https://t.co/ckxlsdr1ut 
 as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working american families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. now we are just days away... https://t.co/madtgumktx 
 weekly address🇺🇸 https://t.co/1sh20hb33x 
 tax cuts will increase investment in the american economy and in u.s. workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more jobs! https://t.co/4gxm8psmu1 
 congratulations to two great and hardworking guys corey lewandowski and david bossie on the success of their just out book let trump be trump. finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign 
 great job kevin we are all proud of you! https://t.co/k6heeaoxkt 
 dow s&amp;p 500 and nasdaq close at record highs! #maga https://t.co/hvqwnqsgug 
 today it was my tremendous honor to visit marine helicopter squadron one (hmx-1) at the marine corps air facility in quantico virginia. i am honored to serve as your commander-in-chief. on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service. we love you! https://t.co/elotc7do52 
 you are always there for us – the men and women in blue.thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families. god bless you all and god bless america! #lesm https://t.co/9ejiddvl9h 
 to each member of the graduating class from the national academy at quantico congratulations! https://t.co/bgt8s33zlu 
 it was my honor. thank you! https://t.co/1lvqbrq1bi 
 manufacturing optimism rose to another all-time high in the latest @shopfloornam outlook survey https://t.co/luv4bmp0xc 
 in 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the code of federal regulations. today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the roosevelt room.today we cut the red tape! it is time to set free our dreams and make america great again! https://t.co/teavnzjvcx 
 when americans are free to thrive innovate &amp; prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp; no goal beyond our reach. we are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators &amp; inventors. we are nation of people who work hard dream big &amp; who never ever give up... https://t.co/9lvdp6zogz 
 today we gathered in the roosevelt room for one single reason: to cut the red tape! for many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless american factories &amp; devastated entire industries. https://t.co/ostxovnckf 
 as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working americans. if you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant american future shining with patriotism prosperity and pride! https://t.co/exsbzrlcdw 
 republican tax cuts are looking very good. all are working hard. in the meantime the stock market hit another record high 
 thank you omarosa for your service! i wish you continued success 
 if last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the house and senate 
 wow more than 90% of fake news media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. hence my use of social media the only way to get the truth out. much of mainstream meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends 
 the reason i originally endorsed luther strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that i said roy moore will not be able to win the general election.  i was right! roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him 
 congratulations to doug jones on a hard fought victory. the write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. the people of alabama are great and the republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. it never ends 
 wishing all of those celebrating #hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. https://t.co/a5w0pdwbxp https://t.co/d9mvvpq39x 
 consumer confidence is at an all-time high along with a record high stock market. unemployment is at a 17 year low. make america great again! working to pass massive tax cuts (looking good) 
 the people of alabama will do the right thing. doug jones is pro-abortion weak on crime military and illegal immigration bad for gun owners and veterans and against the wall. jones is a pelosi/schumer puppet. roy moore will always vote with us. vote roy moore 
 lightweight senator kirsten gillibrand a total flunky for chuck schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them) is now in the ring fighting against trump. very disloyal to bill &amp; crooked-used 
 despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the democrats have been unable to show any collusion with russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who i don’t know and/or have never met. fake news 
 another false story this time in the failing @nytimes that i watch 4-8 hours of television a day - wrong!  also i seldom if ever watch cnn or msnbc both of which i consider fake news. i never watch don lemon who i once called the dumbest man on television! bad reporting 
 very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake news media. they are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on america 
 getting closer and closer on the tax cut bill. shaping up even better than projected. house and senate working very hard and smart. end result will be not only important but special 
 things are going really well for our economy a subject the fake news spends as little time as possible discussing! stock market hit another record high unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the usa. really good news and much more to come 
 no american should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. our cities should be sanctuaries for americans – not for criminal aliens! https://t.co/cvtkcg1pln 
 great army - navy game. army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commander-in-chief’s trophy! congratulations 
 great army - navy game. army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commander-in-chief’s trophy (last time was 1996). wow! congratulations 
 @daveweigel of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on t.v.). fake news he should be fired 
 @daveweigel @washingtonpost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before i arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. real photos now shown as i spoke. packed house many people unable to get in. demand apology &amp; retraction from fake news wapo! https://t.co/xablfgh1ob 
 have a great game today @usarmy and @usnavy - i will be watching. we love our u.s. military. on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service! #armynavygame #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/8m1w9rfwih 
 it was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the mississippi state history museum &amp; the mississippi civil rights museum. we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past &amp; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice &amp; peace. https://t.co/5akgvpv8aa 
 heading to the great state of mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected governor @philbryantms. look forward to seeing the new civil rights museum 
 cnn’s slogan is cnn the most trusted name in news. everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the american public. there are many outlets that are far more trusted than fake news cnn. their slogan should be cnn the least trusted name in news 
 fake news cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. they were caught red handed just like lonely brian ross at abc news (who should be immediately fired for his mistake). watch to see if @cnn fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence 
 a big contingent of very enthusiastic roy moore fans at the rally last night. we can’t have a pelosi/schumer liberal democrat jones in that important alabama senate seat. need your vote to make america great again! jones will always vote against what we must do for our country 
 great evening last night in pensacola florida. arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. they definitely get what’s going on. thank you pensacola 
 we believe that every american should stand for the national anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation under god! https://t.co/r2ittwwfvs 
 this is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most. so speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!merry christmas and thank you pensacola florida! https://t.co/gewgzpzrp6 
 just arrived at the pensacola bay center. join me live on @foxnews in 10 minutes! #maga https://t.co/rqfqokcpnv 
 on my way to pensacola florida. see everyone soon! #maga https://t.co/ijwxvsyq52 
 the unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. the unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6% the lowest ever recorded. the unemployment rate among hispanics dropped to 4.7% the lowest ever recorded...@secretaryacosta @usdol https://t.co/vou28s0yhn 
 make america great again! https://t.co/64a93s07s7 
 fines and penalties against wells fargo bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. i will cut regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating 
 last thing the make america great again agenda needs is a liberal democrat in senate where we have so little margin for victory already. the pelosi/schumer puppet jones would vote against us 100% of the time. he’s bad on crime life border vets guns &amp; military. vote roy moore 
 big crowd expected today in pensacola florida for a make america great again speech. we have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! see you there 
 i fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! https://t.co/bydaohmpvj 
 tonight @flotus melania and i were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @whitehouse – and wish them all a very #happyhanukkahhttps://t.co/wypkptsp1i https://t.co/xhnxzsbec8 
 across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of europe and the pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by america’s friends and foes alike:remember pearl harbor. https://t.co/dfev02twir 
 today as we remember pearl harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. they are heroes and they are living witnesses to american history. all american hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. https://t.co/x5ldl25o30 
 today the u.s. flag flies at half-staff at the @whitehouse in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day. https://t.co/lkxsbx2jf8 https://t.co/ogmpydr5lk 
 today our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harbor—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for america. god bless our heroes who wear the uniform and god bless the united states of america. #pearlharborremembranceday🇺🇸 https://t.co/qghlsplxth 
 national pearl harbor remembrance day - a day that will live in infamy! december 7 1941 
 go get the new book on andrew jackson by brian kilmeade...really good. @foxandfriends 
 i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. i am also directing the state department to begin preparation to move the american embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem... https://t.co/ywgwmt0o8m 
 join me live from the @whitehouse via #periscopehttps://t.co/wlxkoisstg 
 our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of california’s wildfires. i encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. thank you to all first responders for your incredible work! https://t.co/g9y9pkb352 
 make america great again 
 join me this friday in pensacola florida at the pensacola bay center! tickets: https://t.co/za7sggwqbe https://t.co/qzfdxqdgal 
 yesterday i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends in utah’s magnificent capitol.it was my honor to sign two presidential proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both bears ears and grand staircase escalante...https://t.co/jithcpovci https://t.co/dipdauvorb 
 a must watch: legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest witch hunt in u.s. political history. enjoy 
 with the great vote on cutting taxes this could be a big day for the stock market - and you 
 putting pelosi/schumer liberal puppet jones into office in alabama would hurt our great republican agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. look at your 401-k’s since election. highest stock market ever! jobs are roaring back 
 democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama. we need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration border wall military pro life v.a. judges 2nd amendment and more. no to jones a pelosi/schumer puppet 
 report: anti-trump fbi agent led clinton email probe  now it all starts to make sense 
 people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of @abc news (he has been suspended) should consider hiring a lawyer and suing abc for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars 
 after years of comey with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation (and more) running the fbi its reputation is in tatters - worst in history! but fear not we will bring it back to greatness 
 tainted (no very dishonest?) fbi agent’s role in clinton probe under review. led clinton email probe. @foxandfriends  clinton money going to wife of another fbi agent in charge 
 such a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco! https://t.co/msikbckf3t 
 i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn. just more fake news covering another comey lie 
 congratulations to @abc news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the russia russia russia witch hunt. more networks and papers should do the same with their fake news 
 many people in our country are asking what the justice department is going to do about the fact that totally crooked hillary after receiving a subpoena from the united states congress deleted and acid washed 33000 emails? no justice 
 so general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed while crooked hillary clinton on that now famous fbi holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? rigged system or just a double standard 
 great job first lady melania! https://t.co/truvaftpcd 
 62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in montgomery alabama uttered one word that changed history... https://t.co/eovcbcmikx 
 i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi. he has pled guilty to those lies. it is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. there was nothing to hide 
 biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate. now these great republicans will be going for final passage. thank you to house and senate republicans for your hard work and commitment 
 we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america. special thanks to @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and chairman @senorrinhatch for shepherding our bill through the senate. look forward to signing a final bill before christmas! https://t.co/gmwtny3sfs 
 economists on the tax cuts and jobs act:the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will ignite our economy with levels of growth not seen in generations... https://t.co/2vcbdtlh3c 
 the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - fake news! he’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (i call the final shots) we work well together and america is highly respected again!https://t.co/frqiplfj1e 
 republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. the bill is getting better and better. this is a once in a generation chance. obstructionist dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit 
 the jury was not told the killer of kate was a 7 time felon. the schumer/pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 elections 
 the kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. his exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. build the wall 
 a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration 
 the christmas story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of god’s love for all of humanity.whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of jesus christ and the story of his life... https://t.co/p94c3ljwlx 
 today is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long. it is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. now as president of the united states it is my tremendous honor to finally wish america and the world a very merry christmas! https://t.co/ctvdlukfhv 
 our fifth 1k milestone of 2017!#dow24k #maga https://t.co/novt1ufp0y 
 today it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the @whitehouse. bahrain and the united states are important partners.during the crown prince’s visit he is advancing $9 billion in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of f-16’s... https://t.co/vyuw7ugymn 
 thank you @senorrinhatch. let’s continue making america great again! https://t.co/piv9oavzcf https://t.co/6egrvuwj1l 
 the dow just broke 24000 for the first time (another all-time record). if the dems had won the presidential election the market would be down 50% from these levels and consumer confidence which is also at an all-time high would be low and glum 
 stock market hits new record high. confidence and enthusiasm abound. more great numbers coming out 
 the chinese envoy who just returned from north korea seems to have had no impact on little rocket man. hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. russia and china condemned the launch 
 the failing @nytimes has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went rogue!  @foxandfriends 
 the failing @nytimes the pipe organ for the democrat party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive tax cut bill. they are wrong so often that now i know we have a winner 
 funny to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only 8 years 
 had the information (crooked hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to national security...."charles mcculloughfmr intel comm inspector general https://t.co/b0tlw5tvhx 
 the only people who don’t like the tax cut bill are the people that don’t understand it or the obstructionist democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the republicans 
 the house of representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding key documents and an fbi witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of donald trump. big stuff. deep state. give this information now! @foxnews 
 @theresa_may don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom. we are doing just fine 
 theresa @theresamay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom. we are doing just fine 
 now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity – and reclaim america’s destiny.but in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the senate must pass tax cuts – and bring main street roaring back to life!https://t.co/jmnwemrbbr https://t.co/3niu0thp1d 
 a vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first. it is time to take care of our workers to protect our communities and to rebuild our great country! https://t.co/ww3qnxcchf https://t.co/srl2yrk6k2 
 this week the senate can join the house &amp; take a strong stand for the middle class families who are the backbone of america. together we will give the american people a big beautiful christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets americans keep more of their hard-earned money! https://t.co/9jddew2oo5 
 departing @jba_nafw for st. charles missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish line.a successful vote in the senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the american people!https://t.co/jr1deunm2h https://t.co/xf9srwdv8u 
 economy growing! excluding hurricane effects cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been 3.9% in q3.stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. we are winning and tax cuts will shift our economy into high gear! https://t.co/hrkif72vqe 
 just spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea. additional major sanctions will be imposed on north korea today. this situation will be handled 
 so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate 
 so now tha matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate 
 wow matt lauer was just fired from nbc for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. but when will the top executives at nbc &amp; comcast be fired for putting out so much fake news. check out andy lack’s past 
 looks like another great day for the stock market. consumer confidence is at record high. i guess somebody likes me (my policies) 
 great and we should boycott fake news cnn. dealing with them is a total waste of time! https://t.co/8zj3j7g5el 
 @foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! https://t.co/vb0ao3s18d 
 great day for tax cuts and the republican party. but the biggest winner will be our great country 
 great work ivanka! https://t.co/aql4jlvndh 
 just won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau cfpb. a big win for the consumer 
 charles mccullough the respected fmr intel comm inspector general said public was misled on crooked hillary emails. emails endangered national security. why aren’t our deep state authorities looking at this? rigged &amp; corrupt? @tuckercarlson @seanhannity 
 after north korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. i ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. they can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands 
 the conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in november. the consumer confidence index rose from 126.2 in october to 129.5 notching its best reading since december 2000... https://t.co/inott3k8vn 
 dow s&amp;p 500 and nasdaq all finished the day at new record highs! https://t.co/wjyb9d00hh 
 remarks from the roosevelt room with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell @speakerryan and secretary of defense general james mattis. https://t.co/lzmqk5jbvh 
 statement from president donald j. trump on #givingtuesday https://t.co/nrfnmixawr 
 meeting with chuck and nancy today about keeping government open and working. problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked are weak on crime and want to substantially raise taxes. i don’t see a deal 
 melania our great and very hard working first lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that if you run you will win. she would tell everyone that no doubt he will win. i also felt i would win (or i would not have run) - and country is doing great 
 at least 24 players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. the american public is fed up with the disrespect the nfl is paying to our country our flag and our national anthem. weak and out of control 
 thank you rand! https://t.co/nvpelevmub 
 new home sales reach a 10 year high. stock market has more record gains. hopefully republican senators will give us the much needed tax cuts to keep it all going! democrats want big tax increases 
 the tax cut bill is coming along very well great support. with just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well 
 the good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! https://t.co/i7h4ryin3h 
 we should have a contest as to which of the networks plus cnn and not including fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite president (me). they are all bad. winner to receive the fake news trophy 
 back in d.c. big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country.  senate republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. the tax cut bill is getting better and better. the end result will be great for all 
 since the first day i took office all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election russia russiarussia.  despite this i have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month president. make america great again 
 i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary. he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. can’t let schumer/pelosi win this race. liberal jones would be bad 
 the last thing we need in alabama and the u.s. senate is a schumer/pelosi puppet who is weak on crime weak on the border bad for our military and our great vets bad for our 2nd amendment and wants to raises taxes to the sky. jones would be a disaster 
 wow even i didn’t realize we did so much. wish the fake news would report! thank you. https://t.co/apvbu2b0jd 
 @foxnews is much more important in the united states than cnn but outside of the u.s. cnn international is still a major source of (fake) news and they represent our nation to the world very poorly. the outside world does not see the truth from them 
 check out the recent editorial in the wall street journal @wsj about what a complete disaster the @cfpb has been under its leader from previous administration who just quit 
 the consumer financial protection bureau or cfpb has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations pick. financial institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. we will bring it back to life 
 happy #smallbusinesssaturday!a great day to support your community and america’s job creators by shopping locally at a #smallbiz. #shopsmall https://t.co/pbqabhvl7k 
 time magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named man (person) of the year like last year but i would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. i said probably is no good and took a pass. thanks anyway 
 will be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. we have to get tougher and smarter than ever before and we will. need the wall need the ban! god bless the people of egypt 
 horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt. the world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence 
 after turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club jupiter to play golf (quickly) with tiger woods and dustin johnson. then back to mar-a-lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the usa 
 will be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i inherited in the middle east. i will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars (6 trillion) to be there in the first place 
 can you believe that the disrespect for our country our flag our anthem continues without penalty to the players. the commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. players are the boss! https://t.co/udxp5mr8bc 
 two great people! https://t.co/5cvnmhnmuh 
 a great guy (with great ratings)! https://t.co/s0s6xqrjsc 
 obamacare premiums are going up up up just as i have been predicting for two years. obamacare is owned by the democrats and it is a disaster. but do not worry. even though the dems want to obstruct we will repeal &amp; replace right after tax cuts 
 my great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @uscg at the lake worth inlet station in riviera beach florida today!#happythanksgiving https://t.co/c35hr9opbp 
 happy thanksgiving! https://t.co/nqhi7xopmw 
 will be doing a live thanksgiving video teleconference with members of the military at 9:00 a.m.  afghanistan iraq uss monterey turkey &amp; bahrain. then going to coast guard quarters florida 
 make america great again 
 @theplumlinegs make america great again 
 happy thanksgiving your country is starting to do really well. jobs coming back highest stock market ever military getting really strong we will build the wall v.a. taking care of our vets great supreme court justice record cut in regs lowest unemployment in 17 years.... 
 and it will get even better with tax cuts! https://t.co/75wozgjqop 
 i have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. may god be with them and the people of argentina 
 51 million american to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (aaa). traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @foxnews 
 the @usnavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. we are monitoring the situation. prayers for all involved. https://t.co/1axmegkqvu 
 will be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida (mar-a-lago). stock market hit new record high yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since e. many companies coming back to the u.s. military building up and getting very strong 
 another crooked hillary fan! https://t.co/1lidydhord 
 the nfl is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season. that’s almost as bad as kneeling! when will the highly paid commissioner finally get tough and smart? this issue is killing your league 
 lavar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during thanksgiving with your son in china but no nba contract to support you. but remember lavar shoplifting is not a little thing. it’s a really big deal especially in china. ungrateful fool 
 it wasn’t the white house it wasn’t the state department it wasn’t father lavar’s so-called people on the ground in china that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - it was me. too bad! lavar is just a poor man’s version of don king but without the hair. just think 
 today we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house. drumstick and wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful blue ridge mountains at gobbler’s rest... https://t.co/fss8b8f5ur 
 president donald j. trump and @flotus melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at the white house. https://t.co/zauqz4jfwv 
 under president trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @varneyco 
 marshawn lynch of the nfl’s oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national anthem. great disrespect! next time nfl should suspend him for remainder of season. attendance and ratings way down 
 republican senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved. hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the american public 
 border patrol officer killed at southern border another badly hurt. we will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. we will and must build the wall 
 big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of elephants or any other animal 
 shoplifting is a very big deal in china as it should be (5-10 years in jail) but not to father lavar. should have gotten his son out during my next trip to china instead. china told them why they were released. very ungrateful 
 sen. jeff flake(y) who is unelectable in the great state of arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on mike saying bad things about your favorite president. he’ll be a no on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast 
 now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail lavar ball the father of liangelo is unaccepting of what i did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. i should have left them in jail 
 crooked hillary clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. she just can’t stop which is so good for the republican party. hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years 
 put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts. under study for years. will update soon with secretary zinke. thank you 
 today it was an honor to celebrate the collegiate national champions of 2016/2017 at the @whitehouse! #ncaachampions🏆photos: https://t.co/ecl2phhzyl https://t.co/w8je24plwa 
 together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel #ms13 and many other gangs...'hundreds arrested in ms-13 crackdown'https://t.co/mp268d8rau https://t.co/mrynwntuoo 
 if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill 
 great numbers on stocks and the economy. if we get tax cuts and reform we'll really see some great results 
 and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. lesley stahl tape 
 the al frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps?  
 big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform 227-205. zero dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military 
 congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the #taxcutsandjobsact — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the american people by the end of the year! https://t.co/8fjefmj6hh 
 need all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that assad regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again 
 china is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea - a big move we'll see what happens 
 your release possible and have a great life! be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life 
 to the three ucla basketball players i say:  you're welcome go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made 
 big vote tomorrow in the house. tax cuts are getting close 
 why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? the reason: obstruction and delay 
 it is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective 
 they should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. the u.s. is being respected again. watch trade 
 the failing @nytimes hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping president of china 
 do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump? they were headed for 10 years in jail 
 thank you! https://t.co/eqmwv1xbim 
 thank you working hard! https://t.co/tmndnpbj3m 
 while in the philippines i was forced to watch @cnn which i have not done in months and again realized how bad and fake it is. loser 
 @foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come 
 our great country is respected again in asia. you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come 
 just returned from asia after 12 very successful days. great to be home 
 may god be with the people of sutherland springs texas. the fbi and law enforcement has arrived 
 thank you asia! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/fziksbrzcu 
 thank you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines. keep up the great work! https://t.co/3abvxtsjm0 
 one of the most accurate polls last time around. but #fakenews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. they are wrong. some people think numbers could be in the 50's. together we will make america great again! https://t.co/yhrwkdobhp 
 i will be making a major statement from the @whitehouse upon my return to d.c. time and date to be set 
 just arrived at #asean50 in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders. will lead to fair trade deals unlike the horror shows from past administrations. will then be leaving for d.c. made many good friends 
 after my tour of asia all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed. the united states has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. the massive trade deficits must go down quickly 
 great to see @randpaul looking well and back on the senate floor. he will help us with tax cuts and reform 
 excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸 
 i am proud of the rep. house &amp; senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} we’re getting close! now how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular indiv mandate in ocare &amp; reducing taxes even further? cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts 
 happy to announce i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary. he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices 
 will be leaving the philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #maga! my promises are rapidly being fulfilled 
 great day of bilateral meetings at #aseansummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! https://t.co/2ahavm4n9s 
 thank you! https://t.co/td0rycwn8c 
 we had a wonderful visit to vietnam thank you president tran dai quang! heading to the #aseansummit 50th anniv gala in the philippines now. https://t.co/wfsd8ee3nm 
 just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam! https://t.co/yxhrnhhpwo 
 just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam 
 why would kim jong-un insult me by calling me "old" when i would never call him "short and fat?" oh well i try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen 
 does the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton as secretary of state was begging russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with putin 
 when will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing. there always playing politics - bad for our country. i want to solve north korea syria ukraine terrorism and russia can greatly help 
 met with president putin of russia who was at #apec meetings. good discussions on syria. hope for his help to solve along with china the dangerous north korea crisis. progress being made 
 will be doing a joint press conference in hanoi vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the phillipines 
 president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #noko. said he wants them to denuclearize. progress is being made 
 presidential proclamation commemorating the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war ➡️https://t.co/hguqp9leqk ➡️https://t.co/9c0yyiv9ws https://t.co/f9snmrua4a 
 on this wonderful veterans day i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our great veterans. thank you! https://t.co/ghqbca7yii 
 on behalf of an entire nation happy 242nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines!#usmc242 #semperfi https://t.co/ecgosjp5uc 
 the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security - economic security is national security. it is vital to our national strength. #apec2017 https://t.co/8gkquhit2x 
 the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security -economic security is national security. it is vital to our national strength. #apec2017 https://t.co/mgpeyzeyqm 
 the united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. that is the message i am here to deliver today. #apec2017 https://t.co/cm3hqt16a8 
 today i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the indo-pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. #apec2017 https://t.co/gn2ybs9cyb 
 in more and more places throughout this region citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. #apec2017 https://t.co/a570iige0i 
 throughout my travels i've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from america. i've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free &amp; open indo-pacific -- a place where sovereign &amp; independent nations w/diverse cultures &amp; many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. https://t.co/qbocy3u7yv 
 just landed in da nang vietnam to deliver a speech at #apec2017 
 i am leaving china for #apec2017 in vietnam. @flotus melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the great wall of china before going to alaska to greet our amazing troops 
 my meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea. he is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. it was great being with him and madame peng liyuan 
 i don’t blame china i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the u.s. on trade leading up to a point where the u.s. is losing $100's of billions. how can you blame china for taking advantage of people that had no clue? i would've done same 
 in the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united states and china. 🇺🇸🇨🇳 https://t.co/mk3sb7t3ev 
 president xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. it was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸https://t.co/j9x51h1lbe https://t.co/g4z7mo5cv9 
 congratulations to all of the deplorables and the millions of people who gave us a massive (304-227) electoral college landslide victory! https://t.co/7ifv5gt7ur 
 looking forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow. thank you for the beautiful welcome china! @flotus melania and i will never forget it! https://t.co/sqouwigaiq 
 noko has interpreted america's past restraint as weakness. this would be a fatal miscalculation. do not underestimate us. and do not try us. https://t.co/4llqlrnpk3 
 on behalf of @flotus melania and i thank you for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the forbidden city in beijing president xi and madame peng liyuan. we are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! https://t.co/ma0f7shbvu 
 leaving south korea now heading to china. looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi 
 together we dream of a korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! https://t.co/9tszrcc83j 
 anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the u.s. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. https://t.co/zyuyc0fih6 
 the north korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement &amp; commmitment it has made to the u.s. and its allies. it's broken all of those commitments... https://t.co/xj4jupa8d8 
 the u.s. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. i want peace through strength! https://t.co/2yxkivrifi 
 join me live in south korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#nationalassembly #potusinasia ➡️https://t.co/m3iehpdkas https://t.co/hsxdtd2uny 
 ed gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for. don’t forget republicans won 4 out of 4 house seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before 
 getting ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea then will be headed to china where i very much look forward to meeting with president xi who is just off his great political victory 
 thank you to all americans who participated in nat'l rx drug take back day. a record amount of drugs collected &amp; disposed. we can do this 
 franklin such a great photo. happy 99th birthday to your father @billygraham! https://t.co/l0c7rvvoa1 
 @edwgillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va. ms-13 and crime will be gone. vote today asap 
 and has been horrible on virginia economy. vote @edwgillespie today 
 ralph northam will allow crime to be rampant in virginia. he’s weak on crime weak on our great vets anti-second amendment 
 is making. working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class companies and jobs 
 stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. there is great confidence in the moves that my administration 
 thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. it will always be remembered. https://t.co/bmvjz1iv2a 
 it was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible u.s. and rok troops at camp humphreys in south korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷 https://t.co/5njirz4inm https://t.co/knlyonhbcc 
 some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years 
 i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia they know exactly what they are doing 
 getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon a fine gentleman. we will figure it all out 
 my visit to japan and friendship with pm abe will yield many benefits for our great country. massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++ 
 the state of virginia economy under democrat rule has been terrible. if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back 
 #usa🇺🇸 #japan🇯🇵 https://t.co/evxfqavnfs 
 americans do what we do best: we pull together. we join hands. we lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong... https://t.co/qkcpgtkgka 
 may god be w/ the people of sutherland springs texas. the fbi &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. i am monitoring the situation from japan 
 heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. https://t.co/4hnxkr3ehw 
 it was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great @usforcesjapan! https://t.co/kexnikkqks 
 playing golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama two wonderful people! https://t.co/vylule0o2k 
 just gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo japan. leaving to see prime minister abe. https://t.co/6lragojvdb 
 i am landing shortly. can’t wait to be with our great military. see you soon! https://t.co/avlrroxmm4 
 would very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange. important to the united states 
 unemployment is down to 4.1% lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since i took office. highest stock market ever up $5.4 trill 
 thank you to our great military/veterans and @pacificcommand.remember #pearlharbor. remember the @ussarizona!a day i’ll never forget. https://t.co/cmkb0ktksc 
 thank you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii. my great honor to visit @pacificcommand upon arrival. heading to pearl harbor w/ @flotus now. https://t.co/6gdme9cmns 
 getting ready to land in hawaii. looking so much forward to meeting with our great military/veterans at pearl harbor 
 the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military 
 jobs jobs jobs! https://t.co/twunktgbnb 
 the rigged dem primary one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night. disgraceful 
 just took off for ceremony @ pearl harbor. will then be heading to japan skorea china vietnam &amp; the philippines. will never let you down 
 i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders not crooked h without cheating i was right 
 bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary 
 based on that the military has hit isis "much harder" over the last two days. they will pay a big price for every attack on us 
 isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the west side was "their soldier."  
 pocahontas just stated that the democrats lead by the legendary crooked hillary clinton rigged the primaries! lets go fbi &amp; justice dept 
 the real story on collusion is in donna b's new book. crooked hillary bought the dnc &amp; then stole the democratic primary from crazy bernie 
 people are angry.  at some point the justice department and the fbi must do what is right and proper. the american public deserves it 
 new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary. what about the deleted e-mails uranium podesta the server plus plus 
 everybody is asking why the justice department (and fbi) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with crooked hillary &amp; the dems 
 my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact 
 i will be interviewed by @ingrahamangle on @foxnews at 10:00. enjoy 
 the @tuckercarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch. james comey's leadership was a disaster 
 this is real collusion and dishonesty. major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering - where is our justice department 
 donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders. bought and paid for by crooked h 
 great tax cut rollout today. the lobbyists are storming capital hill but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america 
 today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the @federalreserve. https://t.co/6adury3zws 
 broadcom's move to america=$20 billion of annual rev into u.s.a. $3+ billion/yr. in research/engineering &amp; $6 billion/yr. in manufacturing. https://t.co/nsj4ptvttl 
 today we are thrilled to welcome @broadcom ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hq’s from singapore back to the u.s.a..... https://t.co/wrquxbndyz 
 congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based! we need to make america safe! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/d7l1yw5ivy 
 i am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. https://t.co/tw4woli4vu 
 congratulations to the houston @astros 2017 #worldseries champions⚾️#houstonstrong #earnhistory https://t.co/bp7oezdhfi 
 there is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. should move fast. death penalty 
 would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal system 
 nyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room. he killed 8 people badly injured 12. should get death penalty 
 great mtg w/ @cabinet today. tomorrow i will be announcing the new head of the fed. i think you will be extremely impressed by this person! https://t.co/5asjvlgaig 
 happy birthday to @garyplayer a truly great champion and person 
 it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! https://t.co/suanjs6ccz 
 the united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures. the safety of our citizens comes first 
 just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack. god be with them 
 chain migration must end now! some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. not acceptable! https://t.co/pqgettdrtx 
 @senatemajldr @senategop ...and appeals court judges at a record clip! our courts are rapidly changing for the better 
 thanks to @senatemajldr mcconnell and the @senategop we are appointing high-quality federal district 
 thank you to the great nypd first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side attack so professionally! https://t.co/impidozjan 
 @nygovcuomo @nycmayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack. #nycstrong 
 just spoke with @nygovcuomo and @nycmayor de blasio to let them know that the federal government 
 we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc. all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. https://t.co/wzfhxoje3k 
 for the middle class. the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along. push biggest tax cuts ever 
 wouldn't it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts 
 #nycstrong #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/6k3xw5p87d 
 "senator chuck schumer helping to import europes problems" said col.tony shaffer. we will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends 
 we are fighting hard for merit based immigration no more democrat lottery systems. we must get much tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends 
 the terrorist came into our country through what is called the "diversity visa lottery program" a chuck schumer beauty. i want merit based 
 i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program. being politically correct is fine but not for this 
 the republican house members are working hard (and late) toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve. these will be biggest ever 
 my thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack. god and your country are with you 
 we must not allow isis to return or enter our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere. enough 
 in nyc looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. law enforcement is following this closely. not in the u.s.a. 
 u.s. coal productionup📈7.8% past year. down📉31.5% last 10 years. #endingwaroncoal https://t.co/xr20obb2dv 
 home prices reach new all-time highs in august read more: https://t.co/xzjizggq8r https://t.co/stbtr6mo2j 
 "consumer confidence hits highest level since december 2000" read more: https://t.co/w7wkcobfun https://t.co/nlo5xcnuix 
 wishing everyone a safe and happy halloween!#halloween2017 https://t.co/brpgxvri8y 
 thank you @luisriveramarin! https://t.co/bk7sdv9phu 
 statement by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa al-imam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks https://t.co/2u7wjmfglm 
 earth shattering. he and his brother could drain the swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. fake news weak 
 the biggest story yesterday the one that has the dems in a dither is podesta running from his firm. what he know about crooked dems is 
 i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business (jobs) and the middle class (in addition to democrat corruption) 
 came to the campaign. few people knew the young low level volunteer named george who has already proven to be a liar. check the dems 
 the fake news is working overtime. as paul manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he 
 also there is no collusion 
 sorry but this is years ago before paul manafort was part of the trump campaign. but why aren't crooked hillary &amp; the dems the focus 
 great job by michaelcaputo on @foxandfriends 
 report out that obama campaign paid $972000 to fusion gps. the firm also got $12400000 (really?) from dnc. nobody knows who ok'd 
 all of this "russia" talk right when the republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts &amp; reform. is this coincidental? not 
 are now fighting back like never before. there is so much guilt by democrats/clinton and now the facts are pouring out. do something 
 "collusion" which doesn't exist. the dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) witch hunt for evil politics but the r's 
 the uranium to russia deal the  33000 plus deleted emails the comey fix and so much more. instead they look at phony trump/russia 
 never seen such republican anger &amp; unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier (now $12000000?) 
 as usual the obamacare premiums will be up (the dems own it) but we will repeal &amp; replace and have great healthcare soon after tax cuts 
 jfk files are released long ahead of schedule 
 while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close. sad 
 happy #firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there. we are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! https://t.co/voctlyoeyw 
 in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest 
 addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and 
 after strict consultation with general kelly the cia and other agencies i will be releasing all #jfkfiles other than the names and 
 today is national prescription drug take back day. everyone can help fight the #opioidepidemic by participating! https://t.co/onobtwoaon https://t.co/cyg11dnxh7 
 just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press (fake news). thank you mr. president 
 very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). best consecutive q's in years 
 what happenedhow team hillary played the press for fools on russia➡️https://t.co/gqpiidk017now we know! https://t.co/sgwl1hzmki 
 #jfkfiles https://t.co/anpbsjfh3j 
 happy birthday @theleegreenwood!#flashbackfriday https://t.co/mcrmk6eurm 
 people are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be....🎥https://t.co/pej1knycao 
 @foxnews chris wallace: more evidence of dem collusion with russia than gop https://t.co/nacqerjsiu 
 we are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. https://t.co/dl3oan4fm7 
 diane black of tennessee the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman did a great job in passing budget setting up big tax cuts 
 thank you @flgovscott. https://t.co/rgdu9plvfk 
 it is now commonly agreed after many months of costly looking that there was no collusion between russia and trump. was collusion with hc 
 happy birthday to the great @theleegreenwood. you and your beautiful song have made such a difference. make america great again 
 jfk files are being carefully released. in the end there will be great transparency. it is my hope to get just about everything to public 
 happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. you and your beautiful song have made such a difference. make america great again 
 good luck to @joy_villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. she has many fans 
 congratulations to @speakerryan @gopleader @stevescalise and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday. now for biggest tax cuts 
 thank you @foxandfriends. really great job and show 
 wacky &amp; totally unhinged tom steyer who has been fighting me and my make america great again agenda from beginning never wins elections 
 working together we will defeat this #opioidepidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. https://t.co/iazjqgmwav https://t.co/mzi5uqn4oz 
 effective today my administration officially declared the #opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under federal law. https://t.co/yosoburdcw 
 big news - budget just passed 
 do not underestimate the unity within the republican party 
 ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia. his opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be very weak on crime 
 ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy #'s around and fast. strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage 
 will be another sean success! https://t.co/slntenvjla 
 together we will make america great again!#americafirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/ajic3flnki 
 this will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country - and we need it! #taxreform read more: https://t.co/o3w9bjkz5k https://t.co/jyckxwemlu 
 interview with @loudobbs coming up at 7pme on @foxbusiness. enjoy! https://t.co/9v9z015kvl 
 texas @govabbott &amp; lt. gov. @danpatrickthank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in tx. keep up the great work! https://t.co/rbel6iwrjl 
 the long anticipated release of the #jfkfiles will take place tomorrow. so interesting 
 melania and i look forward to being with president xi &amp; madame peng liyuan in china in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! https://t.co/ufmonzza7n 
 spoke to president xi of china to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. also discussed noko &amp; trade two very important subjects 
 just interviewed by @loudobbs. will be aired tonight at 7pme on @foxbusiness. #dobbs 
 congrats to @reince priebus a really good and talented man. we’re proud of you reince! https://t.co/7asjamrsnv 
 make america great again! https://t.co/cbewjsq1a3 
 jeff flake with an 18% approval rating in arizona said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." really they just gave me a standing o 
 working hard on the biggest tax cut in u.s. history. great support from so many sides. big winners will be the middle class business &amp; jobs 
 the meeting with republican senators yesterday outside of flake and corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa 
 the reason flake and corker dropped out of the senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. now act so hurt &amp; wounded 
 "clinton campaign &amp; dnc paid for research that led to the anti-trump fake news dossier. the victim here is the president." @foxnews 
 so nice being with republican senators today. multiple standing ovations! most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for u.s 
 president donald j. trump proclaims october 24 2017 as united nations day read more: https://t.co/cyraqakhy2 https://t.co/hvd0klylbk 
 stock market just hit another record high! jobs looking very good 
 the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us. people like liddle' bob corker have set the u.s. way back. now we move forward 
 sen. corker is the incompetent head of the foreign relations committee &amp; look how poorly the u.s. has done. he doesn't have a clue as 
 isn't it sad that lightweight senator bob corker who couldn't get re-elected in the great state of tennessee will now fight tax cuts plus 
 corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything trump. look at his record 
 bob corker who helped president o give us the bad iran deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in tennessee is now fighting tax cuts 
 we will never forget the 241 american service members killed by hizballah in beirut. they died in service to our nation. https://t.co/baqzda3s2e 
 i had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt. la david johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation 
 two dozen nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem showing total disrespect to our flag &amp; country.  no leadership in nfl 
 there will be no change to your 401(k). this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays 
 it is finally sinking through. 46% of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me. fake news even worse! lost cred 
 wacky congresswoman wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the republican party a disaster for dems. you watch her in action &amp; vote r 
 doing interview today with maria bartiromo at 10:00 a.m. on @foxnews - enjoy 
 2nd amendment strong military isis historic va improvement supreme court justice record stock market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs 
 9 months than this administration. over 50 legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security 
 i agree getting tax cuts approved  is important (we will also get healthcare) but perhaps no administration has done more in its first 
 just out but lightly reported: "fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm u.s. job market" lowest since march 1973. @bpolitics 
 crooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did. facebook was on her side not mine 
 keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on facebook ads. what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn abc nbc &amp; cbs 
 officials behind the now discredited "dossier" plead the fifth. justice department and/or fbi should immediately release who paid for it 
 trump hails liberation of raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-isis campaign https://t.co/2eoyxjb7h0 
 stock market hits another all time high on friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since election. fake news doesn't spent much time on this 
 people get what is going on! https://t.co/pdg7vqqv6m 
 subject to the receipt of further information i will be allowing as president the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened 
 i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she as a representative is killing the democrat party 
 budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in u.s. history - msm barely covered 
 great book just out "a place called heaven" by dr. robert jeffress - a wonderful man 
 this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people! join me today: https://t.co/9czcjdbmvw https://t.co/s3kxpvbyih 
 today it was an honor to have @unsecretary-general @antonioguterres at the @whitehouse. speaking for the u.s.a. we appreciate all you do! https://t.co/sk0jcazzxw 
 thank you @geraldorivera @foxandfriends. agree! https://t.co/8czldabgzw 
 just out report: "united kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of radical islamic terror." not good we must keep america safe 
 this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts (and reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country 
 the budget passed late last night 51 to 49. we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul (he will vote for tax cuts) voting against 
 great news on the 2018 budget @senatemajldr mcconnell - first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the american people! #taxreform https://t.co/abzqr7kr0c 
 big ratings getter @seanhannity and apprentice champion john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for #vegasstrong. great show 
 the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilson(d) who was secretly on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content 
 keep up the great work. i am with you 100%!"isis is losing its grip..."army colonel ryan dilloncjtf–oirhttps://t.co/jvguvv5mzm https://t.co/pscxg38cts 
 it was great to have governor @ricardorossello of #puertorico🇵🇷with us at the @whitehouse today. we are with you! #prstrong https://t.co/op2xdzxvnc 
 @foxandfriends "russia sent millions to clinton foundation" 
 workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th. who paid for it russia the fbi or the dems (or all) 
 uranium deal to russia with clinton help and obama administration knowledge is the biggest story that fake media doesn't want to follow 
 republicans are going for the big budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. i think we have the votes but who knows 
 "46% of americans think the media is inventing stories about trump &amp; his administration." @foxnews   it is actually much worse than this 
 @danaperino &amp; @bradthorthank you so much for the wonderful compliment. working hard! #maga https://t.co/akwlsmscvh 
 "20000📈21000📈22000📈 23000📈this year...four one thousand milestones this year..." #dow23k #maga https://t.co/gq5f2evvei 
 this is what real pride in our country is all about! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/kyv866prde 
 @nfl: too much talk not enough action. stand for the national anthem 
 "iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits.."amb. @nikkihaley https://t.co/xvhgx7d1ct 
 it was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the @whitehouse today. #taxreform https://t.co/ge4xic9fid 
 our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california. god bless our brave first responders and @fema team. we support you! https://t.co/yaopbavi5l 
 the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. americans need #taxreform! more: https://t.co/qxyiyifwco https://t.co/ngijjoc3tp 
 i am supportive of lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but i can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ o'care 
 democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and i have proof). sad 
 the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem. total disrespect for our great country 
 as it has turned out james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton. he was the best thing that ever happened to her 
 the democrats will only vote for tax increases. hopefully all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in u.s. history 
 people not interviewed including clinton herself. comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? where is justice dept 
 wow fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating  crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete. many 
 the most important truth our founders understood was: freedom is not a gift from govt. freedom is a gift from god. 🎥https://t.co/rmazgt8sug https://t.co/srpavwrt2r 
 thank you @heritage! this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp; renew the american dream! https://t.co/hi30nojsgo 
 wow! https://t.co/ekfrktnvuy 
 border wall prototypes underway! https://t.co/arfno80zmo 
 any increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working 
 so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers. only place worse may be @nbcnews @cbsnews @abc and @cnn. fiction writers 
 it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today! 🎥https://t.co/bn1vm6fyw9 📸https://t.co/j0romft3yl https://t.co/mpe5hwfcz1 
 join me live from the rose garden at 1:30pme with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece. ➡️https://t.co/bn1vm6fyw9 https://t.co/dzb4mdbkpi 
 "dow passes 23000 for the first time fueled by strong earnings"#dow23k📈https://t.co/wnkrddylb9 https://t.co/wlp0ncncou 
 rep.tom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. tom is a fine man and a great congressman 
 always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina. thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenville-spartanburg int'l airport! https://t.co/mao9nc0ste 
 i was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in 2020? my answer was "i hope so!" 
 the u.s. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day! also record business enthusiasm 
 since election day on november 8 the stock market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to u.s 
 dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama but now that i am involved he is ok with it. tell that to israel chuck 
 the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. that's all they are good at 
 art laffer just said that he doesn't know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @foxnews 
 approvals of the keystone xl &amp; dakota access pipelines. also look at the recent epa cancelations &amp; our great new supreme court justice 
 the failing @nytimes in a story by peter baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp &amp; the paris accord &amp; the fast 
 the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party. republican ed gillespie will never let you down 
 very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare. millions of people benefit 
 health insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall 
 such a wonderful statement from the great @loudobbs. "we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history." 
 obamacare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. it is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up 
 money pouring into insurance companies profits under the guise of obamacare is over. they have made a fortune.dems must get smart &amp; deal 
 many people talking with much agreement on my iran speech today. participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran 
 starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders. i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts 
 #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 https://t.co/riqeibnwk2 
 today i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. https://t.co/n4isdjuedc 
 "consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"📈https://t.co/rvxcpafi2a https://t.co/u8ms9k45fx 
 in america we don't worship government - we worship god. #valuesvoterssummit https://t.co/yq3idlwylk 
 i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commander-in-chief. happy birthday to the incredible men and women @usnavy!#242navybday https://t.co/qcdb4u8cqa 
 the wonderful people of puerto rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the h's. i will always be with them 
 hard to believe that the democrats who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for sanctuary crime 
 obamacare is a broken mess. piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves 
 sadly they and others are fake news and the public is just beginning to figure it out! https://t.co/8b8aya7v1s 
 the democrats obamacare is imploding. massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. dems should call me to fix 
 it is time to take care of our country to rebuild our communities and to protect our great american workers! #taxreform https://t.co/fejgjt4xp9 
 people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (fakenews) @nbcnews is. viewers beware. may be worse than even @cnn 
 happy #nationalfarmersday!📸https://t.co/dn39r1imla https://t.co/qbug1pztai 
 we need a tax system that is fair to working families &amp; that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america! https://t.co/ddi1ywi7yz 
 the time has come to take action to improve access increase choices and lower costs for healthcare! ➡️https://t.co/mz5fdvetvh https://t.co/ddzlskunse 
 the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! such hatred 
 we cannot keep fema the military &amp; the first responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in p.r. forever 
 accountability say the governor. electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. congress to decide how much to spend 
 "puerto rico survived the hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says sharyl attkisson. a total lack of 
 clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. have a great day 
 in even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/8jk8am2a1l 
 network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. not fair to public 
 joining @seanhannity tonight at 9pme on @foxnews. enjoy! https://t.co/rcfijus5rw 
 we need a tax system that is fair to working families &amp; that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america🇺🇸 https://t.co/u9zgijgle3 
 i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at 9pme. enjoy 
 join me live at 5:45pme from harrisburg pennsylvania! #taxreform #usa🇺🇸https://t.co/fduemprtce https://t.co/1mmjl1hnpl 
 happy to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy 
 with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license? bad for country 
 fake @nbcnews made up a story that i wanted a "tenfold" increase in our u.s. nuclear arsenal. pure fiction made up to demean. nbc = cnn 
 it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthem-respect our country 
 the democrats want massive tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.the republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the wall 
 it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the election.need tax cuts 
 if congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) i am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #maga 
 stock market has increased by 5.2 trillion dollars since the election on november 8th a 25% increase. lowest unemployment in 16 years and 
 fired. this story is totally made up by the dishonest media.the chief is doing a fantastic job for me and more importantly for the usa 
 the fake news is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know general john kelly by saying he will soon be 
 my great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #stanleycup champion pittsburgh penguins at the wh with @flotus today!https://t.co/qyt4bchvur https://t.co/rbwgmhmnpx 
 the failing @nytimes set liddle' bob corker up by recording his conversation. was made to sound a fool and that's what i am dealing with 
 highly respected author christopher bedford just came out with book "the art of the donald lessons from america's...." really good book 
 with jemele hill at the mike it is no wonder espn ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry 
 since congress can't get its act together on healthcare i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people - fast 
 the problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for u.s.a 
 why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem flag and country? change tax law 
 we have just begun! https://t.co/x8psdeb2ur 
 a big salute to jerry jones owner of the dallas cowboys who will bench players who disrespect our flag."stand for anthem or sit for game!" 
 "president donald j. trump proclaims october 9 2017 as #columbusday" https://t.co/cbqrst4ln4 
 the trip by @vp pence was long planned. he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country 
 our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. policy didn't work 
 "the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by trump supporters....."   @nypost  thank you 
 nobody could have done what i’ve done for #puertorico with so little appreciation. so much work! https://t.co/k2jakipfji 
 bob corker gave us the iran deal &amp; that's about it. we need healthcare we need tax cuts/reform we need people that can get the job done 
 fema and first responders are working hard (yet again) on hurricane nate. military helping. very much under control 
 i asked @vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. i am proud of him and @secondlady karen 
 hence i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. didn't have the guts to run 
 my endorsement). he also wanted to be secretary of state i said "no thanks." he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal 
 senator bob corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in tennessee. i said "no" and he dropped out (said he could not win without 
 #lasvegasstrong #usa🇺🇸🎥https://t.co/4igwdl4kia 
 leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina. big progress being made on many fronts 
 thanks for your support! https://t.co/iqum1rfqso 
 hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of u.s. negotiators. sorry but only one thing will work 
 presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid 
 will be joining @govmikehuckabee tonight at 8pme on @tbn. enjoy! https://t.co/y5hgppyzfl 
 our great team at @fema is prepared for #hurricanenate. everyone in la ms al and fl please listen to your local authorities &amp; be safe 
 @nbcnews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. the good news is that the people get it which is really all that matters! not #1 
 i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill. obamacare is badly broken big premiums. who knows 
 more and more people are suggesting that republicans (and me) should be given equal time on t.v. when you look at the one-sided coverage 
 late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-trump! should we get equal time 
 contributions. the rnc is taking in far more $'s than the dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. i am working hard for them 
 can't believe i finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. it discusses the enthusiasm of "trump" voters through campaign 
 ralph northamwho is running for governor of virginiais fighting for the violent ms-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  vote ed gillespie 
 rex tillerson never threatened to resign. this is fake news put out by @nbcnews. low news and reporting standards. no verification from me 
 stock market hits an all-time high! unemployment lowest in 16 years! business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades 
 why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake 
 thank you! https://t.co/ymuqsvvtsb 
 so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who i will never forget 
 on behalf of a grateful nation thank you to all of the first responders (heroes) who saved countless lives in las vegas on sunday night. https://t.co/zxumywnnhv 
 we love you las vegas! https://t.co/nxrwer1gez 
 i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with @flotus melania. everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers 
 the @nbcnews story has just been totally refuted by sec. tillerson and @vp pence. it is #fakenews. they should issue an apology to america 
 nbc news is #fakenews and more dishonest than even cnn. they are a disgrace to good reporting. no wonder their news ratings are way down 
 wow so many fake news stories today. no matter what i do or say they will not write or speak truth. the fake news media is out of control 
 a great day in puerto rico yesterday. while some of the news coverage is fake most showed great warmth and friendship 
 my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ricardorossello &amp; his team. great progress being made! #prstrong🇵🇷 https://t.co/1al9yrwtvc 
 it is a "miracle" how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing 
 so proud of @fema military and first responders! thank you! https://t.co/kwvmqvelri 
 great meeting with governor mapp of the #usvi. he is very thankful for the great job done by @fema and first responders. https://t.co/atbgepdf9c 
 leaving puerto rico now for d.c. will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. https://t.co/dbvzuiufr0 
 i am so proud of our great country. god bless america 
 my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting. god bless you 
 congratulations to #teamusa🇺🇸🏆on your great @presidentscup victory! https://t.co/fzep1e9mo7 
 being nice to rocket man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now? clinton failed bush failed and obama failed. i won't fail 
 save your energy rex we'll do what has to be done 
 i told rex tillerson our wonderful secretary of state that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man 
 for safety. thank you to the governor of p.r. and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders. fantastic job 
 people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military. all buildings now inspected 
 we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico. outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates 
 19000 respecting our national anthem! #standforouranthem🇺🇸 https://t.co/czutygamqv 
 in analyzing the alabama primary racefake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement 
 in analyzing the alabama primary race fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after election 
 because of #fakenews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. as seen here they are all doing a great job! https://t.co/1ltw2t3rwy 
 very important that nfl players stand tomorrow and always for the playing of our national anthem. respect our flag and our country 
 i will be in pr on tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need 
 results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor. doing everything we can to help great people of pr 
 we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster 
 @ricardorossello ......#fakenews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #prstrong🇵🇷 
 my administration governor @ricardorossello and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way 
 to the people of puerto rico:do not believe the #fakenews!#prstrong🇵🇷 
 congresswoman jennifer gonzalez-colon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. thank you 
 just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands who stated that #fema and military are doing a great job! thank you governor 
 the governor of puerto rico ricardo rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. thank you ricky 
 despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico. great people 
 the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r's. shame 
 i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania. will hopefully be able to stop at the u.s. virgin islands (people working hard) 
 fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to "get trump." not fair to fr or effort 
 the military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. puerto rico was totally destroyed 
 want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job 
 such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan and others in puerto rico who are not able to get their workers to help. they 
 the mayor of san juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump 
 @impdnews @potus thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365! #lesm https://t.co/xfqxbmbebp 
 join me for my #weeklyaddress🇺🇸https://t.co/qeeknfuhue https://t.co/nnm2jokes0 
 my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur the holiest day of the jewish year. https://t.co/0luzczl29d 
 thank you @shopfloornam. an honor to be with you today. great news! manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #taxreform https://t.co/4sgmwgotof 
 this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future. https://t.co/9s1ggeijj5 
 record high for s &amp; p 500 
 thank you to fema our great military &amp; all first responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin puerto rico. see you tuesday 
 the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding 
 puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated: "the administration and the president every time we've spoken they've delivered 
 gdp was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. many people thought it would be years before that happened. we have just begun 
 puerto rico is devastated. phone system electric grid many roads gone. fema and first responders are amazing. governor said "great job!" 
 really hard to help but many have lost their homes. military is now on site and i will be there tuesday. wish press would treat fairly 
 fema &amp; first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico. massive food &amp; water delivered. docks &amp; electric grid dead. locals trying 
 welcome back @stevescalise!#teamscalise https://t.co/cored8rfl2 
 the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot. large numbers of generators are now on island. food and water on site 
 democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? great reviews for tax cut and reform bill 
 it is time to take care of our people to rebuild our nation and to fight for our great american workers! #taxreform #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/lszvhg3got 
 this is the right tax cut @ the right time. we will all succeed &amp; grow together – as one team one people &amp; one american family. #taxreform https://t.co/rtlwanjjiq 
 just arrived in indianapolis indiana to make an announcement on #taxreform! together we are going to make america great again! https://t.co/dy9uwhkwhl 
 but the people were pro-trump! virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring 
 facebook was always anti-trump.the networks were always anti-trump hencefake news @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @wapo were anti-trump. collusion 
 we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday after which we need 60. get rid of filibuster rule 
 with one yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from alaska and two others (mccain is out) we have the hcare vote but not for friday 
 spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday. jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. players will stand for country 
 spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time. sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. he will help to #maga 
 congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. roy win in dec 
 congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. roy win in nov 
 even usain bolt from jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed respect for our national anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 https://t.co/zkenuap9rs 
 70 years ago today the national security council met for the first time. great history of advising presidents-then &amp; now! thanks nsc staff 
 thank you to our wonderful team @usun and their families. keep up the great work! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/s7khlsmeqy 
 it was an honor to welcome president @marianorajoy of spain. thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #noko regime. https://t.co/43u4t34jgf 
 i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last month. 🇺🇸🇪🇸 https://t.co/5mt0qxflnl 
 america's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #puertorico &amp; the #usvi. we will get through this - and we will get through this together! https://t.co/ncmsf4fqpr 
 heading over to the @un to meet with ambassador @nikkihaley and all of her great representatives! #usa🇺🇸 
 honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/nwnx9cdp0d 
 alabama get out and vote for luther strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #maga 
 the nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations. the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our national anthem 
 thank you to carmen yulin cruz the mayor of san juan for your kind words on fema etc.we are working hard. much food and water there/on way 
 great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of otto warmbier: 1994 - 2017. otto was tortured beyond belief by north korea 
 luther strange has been shooting up in the alabama polls since my endorsement. finish the job - vote today for "big luther." 
 but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being made-we all love our country 
 but while dallas dropped to it knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being made - we love our country 
 the booing at the nfl football game last night when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest i have ever heard. great anger 
 ratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected 
 big election tomorrow in the great state of alabama. vote for senator luther strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down 
 a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing &amp; replacing o'care. my oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! https://t.co/t9cxg2io86 
 owed to wall street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #fema 
 it's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. much of the island was destroyed with billions of dollars 
 texas &amp; florida are doing great but puerto rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt is in deep trouble 
 tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country.#standforouranthem🇺🇸 
 general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country 
 @cnn is #fakenews. just reported cos (john kelly) was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag anthem country. total lie 
 #standforouranthem 
 the white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. important meetings taking place today. big tax cuts &amp; reform 
 the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. it is about respect for our country flag and national anthem. nfl must respect this 
 many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). these are fans who demand respect for our flag 
 so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans. they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear 
 making america safe is my number one priority. we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.https://t.co/kj886okyfc 
 sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country. nfl should change policy 
 alaska arizona maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal. 7 years of repeal &amp; replace and some senators not there 
 courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag --- we must honor and respect it!  make america great again 
 please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony. great team 
 great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country. standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. bad ratings 
 nfl attendance and ratings are way down. boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. league should back u.s 
 if nfl fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag &amp; country you will see change take place fast. fire or suspend 
 just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at u.n. if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man they won't be around much longer 
 roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.tell them to stand 
 democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a "moment of courage." tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived. 116% increase 
 iran just test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israel.they are also working with north korea.not much of an agreement we have 
 very proud of our incredible first lady (@flotus.) she is a truly great representative for our country! https://t.co/yfv0wijgby 
 our great american flag (or country) and should stand for the national anthem. if not you're fired. find something else to do 
 if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nflor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect 
 going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship team.stephen curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn 
 it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama. what great people what a crowd! vote luther on tuesday 
 alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under obamacare worst in the country. deductibles high people angry! lisa m comes through 
 i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party 
 large block grants to states is a good thing to do. better control &amp;  management. great for arizona. mccain let his best friend l.g. down 
 arizona had a 116% increase in obamacare premiums last year with deductibles very high. chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods. sad 
 john mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill which his governor loves. he campaigned on repeal &amp; replace. let arizona down 
 heading to alabama now big crowd 
 thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the u.s. with hurricane flights. fantastic job 
 #usaatunga🇺🇸#unga https://t.co/mit2lj7q90 
 will be in alabama tonight. luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. he loves alabama and so do i 
 the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media "screaming" for crooked hillary clinton. next she was a bad candidate 
 the russia hoax continues now it's ads on facebook. what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary 
 thank you! https://t.co/hlz48rlkif 
 kim jong un of north korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before 
 rand paul or whoever votes against hcare bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the republican who saved obamacare." 
 a big day for the u.s. at the united nations 
 senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago. now a close runoff. he will be great in d.c 
 today i announced a new executive order with re: to north korea. we must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #noko. https://t.co/igjosm7n7h 
 it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south korea.stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#unga https://t.co/7xydo5ddum 
 it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today. #unga🎥https://t.co/ukomuj0zul https://t.co/gpkery8wip 
 it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning! #usaatunga #unga https://t.co/hoevfnmn14 
 governor @ricardorossello- we are with you and the people of puerto rico. stay safe! #prstrong 
 senator (doctor) bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people 
 the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabama.that means all gun owners should vote for big luther. he won't let you down 
 i would not sign graham-cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. it does! a great bill. repeal &amp; replace 
 alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "big" luther strange. smart tough on crime borders &amp; trade loves vets &amp; military. tuesday 
 on behalf of all americans i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year. https://t.co/m4vwxyvonx https://t.co/iyg1g8galn 
 honored to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon. great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. https://t.co/abnbjtkcai 
 honored to meet w/ pres abbas from the palestinian authority &amp; his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. https://t.co/4e8awdkx93 
 it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning. we had a great bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴 https://t.co/6tydhswka3 
 looking forward to friday night in the great state of alabama. i am supporting "big" luther strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me 
 i hope republican senators will vote for graham-cassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal &amp; replace obamacare. money direct to states 
 rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. graham-cassidy bill is great! ends ocare 
 thank you  @foxandfriends - great show 
 the world is noticing thanks! https://t.co/2nl6slwnmh 
 after allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state (bill c also) crooked hillary now criticizes 
 big meetings today at the united nations. so many interesting leaders. america first will make america great again 
 thank you jacob! https://t.co/wjjrv6ktvt 
 i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever. smartest people of them all are the "deplorables." 
 so nice thank you! https://t.co/cg4dzhhbrv 
 a great and important day at the united nations.met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what i stated in my speech 
 puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane. be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help 
 the true question for the @un...🎥https://t.co/tx5snacaas 
 it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations.#usaatunga🇺🇸#ungahttps://t.co/1majwrga3d https://t.co/6hu3aeup58 
 god bless the people of mexico city. we are with you and will be there for you 
 as president of the united states of america i will always put #americafirst🇺🇸#ungafull remarks: https://t.co/ksamsq2lhm https://t.co/xrtpawwucn 
 the🇺🇸has great strength &amp; patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #noko. https://t.co/p4vaanxvgm 
 big day at the united nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. we have a great team. big speech at 10:00 a.m 
 #usaatunga🇺🇸 #unga https://t.co/mjij7hg3eu 
 we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! https://t.co/bmjdotaesl 
 it was a great honor to be with president @emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation. great bilateral meeting! #unga https://t.co/hnxddu5d5f 
 such an honor to have my good friend israel pm @netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon. #unga https://t.co/yehwjdtqx8 https://t.co/jwu4e8yk8a 
 looking forward to meeting with prime minister @netanyahu shortly. peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people 
 we commend sg @antonioguterres &amp; his call for the un to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #usaatunga #unga https://t.co/kvvcmznmcn https://t.co/uqn6rrc9xw 
 happy 70th birthday @cia! https://t.co/cu3gozmf7j 
 happy 70th birthday @usairforce! https://t.co/snkxo40vxm 
 important meetings and calls scheduled for today. military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #maga 
 my great honor! https://t.co/x25t9tqani 
 thank you! https://t.co/vs4mnwxtei 
 i spoke with president moon of south korea last night. asked him how rocket man is doing. long gas lines forming in north korea. too bad 
 attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan. i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help 
 i will be in huntsville alabama on saturday night to support luther strange for senate. "big luther" is a great guy who gets things done 
 attorney general bill shuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan. i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help 
 a great deal of good things happening for our country. jobs and stock market at all time highs and i believe will be getting even better 
 happy 70th birthday to the @usairforce! the american people are eternally grateful. thank you for keeping america proud strong and free! https://t.co/dyxkh3gj0r 
 we will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: https://t.co/sybrshx89b https://t.co/siiauxl3oe 
 our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of london who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... https://t.co/q2htbv2l5t 
 never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.proclamation: https://t.co/4xbzgjagj5 https://t.co/yztr7rlptv 
 frank fx giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania &amp; myself thank you for doing a great job this morning! @natlparkservice gives you an a+! https://t.co/135dxuapui 
 weekly address🇺🇸 https://t.co/msala9poat 
 chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration 
 espn is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). people are dumping it in record numbers. apologize for untruth 
 we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in 8 years.must be proactive &amp; nasty 
 the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct 
 loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better 
 another attack in london by a loser terrorist.these are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard. must be proactive 
 with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. can't get votes end now 
 florida-just like tx we are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/you every single day after to restore recover &amp; rebuild! https://t.co/phrmudujxj 
 we are with you florida!emergency information 1-800-342-3557https://t.co/zbwkr5vmdpvolunteer 1-800-fl-help-1https://t.co/ghkbvajbn0 https://t.co/2jj85weo1u 
 i told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. but don't worry i will veto because i love our country &amp; its people 
 bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the u.s. &amp; its people 
 spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site 
 just left florida for d.c. the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable. damage horrific but will be better than ever 
 am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the u.s. coast guard fema etc. a real disaster much work to do 
 they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. plus big border security 
 does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? really 
 the wall which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built 
 no deal was made last night on daca. massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. would be subject to vote 
 the "deplorables" came back to haunt hillary.they expressed their feelings loud and clear. she spent big money but in the end had no game 
 crooked hillary clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. she lost the debates and lost her direction 
 china has a business tax rate of 15%. we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. jobs and wages 
 with irma and harvey devastation tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before. go congress go 
 i will be traveling to florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard fema and many of the brave first responders &amp; others 
 the approval process for the biggest tax cut &amp; tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. move fast congress 
 it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @whitehouse today! https://t.co/3pwrboh8dg 
 congratulations to eric &amp; lara on the birth of their son eric "luke" trump this morning! https://t.co/aw0av82xde 
 the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard 
 fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp; have zero access. #fake news 
 may god forever bless the united states of america. #neverforget911 https://t.co/erycjgj23r 
 #neverforget https://t.co/rmq1a5bdon 
 the u.s. coast guard fema and all federal and state brave people are ready. here comes irma. god bless everyone 
 heed the advice of @flgovscott!"if you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left." gov. scott https://t.co/92w8vinmuk 
 this is a storm of enormous destructive power and i ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed all instructions from government officials. https://t.co/njfm2sdme1 
 florida- visit https://t.co/pdbad9t8sk to find shelters road closures &amp; evacuation routes. helpful twitter list: https://t.co/bumvlxgfe8 https://t.co/ncnuqceb5k 
 churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey (just like others) 
 a message to my fellow americans🇺🇸#irmahurricane2017🎥https://t.co/jyg6alyaab🎥https://t.co/ipujthzejr https://t.co/hcq9kmkc4e 
 republicans must start the tax reform/tax cut legislation asap. don't wait until the end of september. needed now more than ever. hurry 
 never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. it is a repub death wish 
 republicans sorry but i've been hearing about repeal &amp; replace for 7 years didn't happen! even worse the senate filibuster rule will 
 our incredible u.s. coast guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with harvey. irma could be even tougher. we love our coast guard 
 hurricane irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. be safe and get out of its wayif possible. federal g is ready 
 we will confront any challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. i’m proud to stand with presidents for #oneamericaappeal 
 i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneirma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp; state officials! https://t.co/aqmawtpzs0 
 during my trip to saudi arabia i spoke to the leaders of more than 50 arab &amp; muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. https://t.co/8oeaqfiex8 
 together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace! https://t.co/al6in83ewk 
 welcome to the @whitehouse amir sabah al-ahmed al-jaber al-sabah of kuwait! joint press conference coming up soon: https://t.co/8t4nyzlp4y https://t.co/lfra4aatam 
 for all of those (daca) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - no action 
 thank you our great honor! https://t.co/strciewuws 
 hurricane irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. be careful be safe! #fema 
 we want our companies to hire &amp; grow in america to raise wages for american workers &amp; to help rebuild our american cities &amp; towns! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/sglubjcbw4 
 if we want to renew our prosperity restore opportunity &amp; re-establish our economic dominance then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. https://t.co/9nzlg2qzpo 
 thank you for joining me in mandan nd gov. @dougburgum lt. gov. @brentsanfordnd @senjohnhoeven @repkevincramer &amp; @senatorheitkamp. https://t.co/8nivthvpu6 
 wonderful to be in north dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the andeavor refinery. full remarks: 🎥https://t.co/uxbpyeerum https://t.co/fv9r9gjxds 
 just spoke w/ governors rick scott of florida kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands &amp; ricardo rosselló of puerto rico. we are w/ you all! https://t.co/k92cslgkfa 
 'president donald j. trump approves emergency declarations'➡️https://t.co/xshsynkvup➡️https://t.co/ubbsfohmm7➡️https://t.co/xwofp9z9ir https://t.co/qojom54gy8 
 hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic 
 watching hurricane closely. my team which has done and is doing such a good job in texas is already in florida. no rest for the weary 
 will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. we are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change 
 congress now has 6 months to legalize daca (something the obama administration was unable to do). if they can't i will revisit this issue 
 i look forward to working w/ d's + r's in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st 
 i am allowing japan &amp; south korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the united states 
 congress get ready to do your job - daca 
 big week coming up 
 we are building our future with american hands american labor american iron aluminum and steel. happy #laborday! https://t.co/lyvtnfq5io 
 the united states is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea 
 i will be meeting general kelly general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea. thank you 
 south korea is finding as i have told them that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work they only understand one thing 
 north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china which is trying to help but with little success 
 north korea has conducted a major nuclear test. their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states 
 so much spirit in la! thank you to all of our hereos who saved many lives. an honor to spend time w/ @nationalguard #leos &amp; the #cajunnavy! https://t.co/7petsl6rkf 
 remember sunday is national prayer day (by presidential proclamation) 
 just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana where things are going well. such cooperation &amp; coordination 
 the manufacturing index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better 
 together we will prevail in the great state of texas. we love you!god bless texas &amp; god bless the usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/1rzmeenqib 
 texas: we are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild! https://t.co/p1fh8jmmfa 
 departing for texas and louisiana with @flotus melania right now @jba_nafw. we will see you soon. america is with you! https://t.co/z3bhvdjvpr 
 on behalf of @flotus melania &amp; myself thank you for today's update &amp; great work! #southernbaptist @sendrelief @redcross &amp; @salvationarmyus https://t.co/dlgfnicxn2 
 i will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady. great progress being made! spending weekend working at white house 
 stock market up 5 months in a row 
 'president donald j. trump proclaims september 3 2017 as a national day of prayer' #hurricaneharvey #prayfortexas https://t.co/shen5jxchq https://t.co/mplb7wpxft 
 texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. but still so much to do. will be back tomorrow 
 get things done at a record clip. many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. america first 
 general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff. i could not be happier or more impressed - and this administration continues to 
 wow looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. a rigged system 
 texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. but still so much to do. will be back tomorrow 
 thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas. america is with you! #texasstrong https://t.co/8n4abo9ihp 
 first responders have been doing heroic work. their courage &amp; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of america! https://t.co/i0gvcqltko 
 texas &amp; louisiana: we are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp; we will be w/ you every single day after to restore recover &amp; rebuild! https://t.co/yqb82k2vsb 
 will be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed 
 after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder why? all i want to do is #maga 
 after witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by hurricane harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of texas 
 the u.s. has been talking to north korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. talking is not the answer 
 @foxandfriends   we are not looking to fill all of those positions. don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @ingrahamangle 
 leaving now for texas 
 historic rainfall in houston and all over texas. floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. spirit of the people is incredible.thanks 
 major rescue operations underway 
 going to a cabinet meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 a.m. on #harvey. even experts have said they've never seen one like this 
 we are in the nafta (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with mexico &amp; canada.both being very difficultmay have to terminate 
 with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world we must have the wall. mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other 
 wow - now experts are calling #harvey a once in 500 year flood! we have an all out effort going and going well 
 i will also be going to a wonderful state missouri that i won by a lot in '16. dem c.m. is opposed to big tax cuts. republican will win s 
 i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. the focus must be life and safety 
 many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. good news is that we have great talent on the ground 
 great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. thousands rescued 
 a great book by a great guy highly recommended! https://t.co/3jbddn8ymj 
 wonderful coordination between federal state and local governments in the great state of texas - teamwork! record setting rainfall 
 thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with #hurricaneharvey relief in texas! https://t.co/ds95osgo8f 
 closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey from camp david. we are leaving nothing to chance. city state and federal govs. working great together 
 @chuckgrassley - got your message loud and clear. we have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #harvey. so far so good 
 you are doing a great job - the world is watching! be safe. https://t.co/pjldxy3hd9 
 we will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #hurricaneharvey makes landfall. america is w/ you! @govabbott @fema @dhsgov https://t.co/pryiqrxglr 
 i am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to 85 year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio. he kept arizona safe 
 at the request of the governor of texas i have signed the disaster proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help 
 storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. federal government is on site and ready to respond. be safe 
 just arrived at camp david where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey (as it strengthens to a class 3). 125 mph winds 
 just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a category 3. be safe 
 i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneharvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. https://t.co/n6uewczurv 
 received a #hurricaneharvey briefing this morning from acting @dhsgov secretary elaine duke @fema_brock @tombossert45 and cos john kelly. https://t.co/cnkrzd6d6z 
 i have spoken w/ @govabbott of texas and @louisianagov edwards. closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey developments &amp; here to assist as needed 
 strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. tennessee not happy 
 nick adams "retaking america"  "best things of this presidency aren't reported about. convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever." 
 few if any administrations have done more in just 7 months than the trump a. bills passed regulations killed border military isis sc 
 general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff. there is tremendous spirit and talent in the w.h. don't believe the fake news 
 if senate republicans don't get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed. 8 dems control the senate 
 a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma. thank you for your service to the united states of america! https://t.co/4lj94nxodu 
 a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma. thank you for your service to the united staes of america! https://t.co/futgbotjlo 
 as #hurricaneharvey intensifies - remember to #planahead. ☑️https://t.co/fmdmvohypy☑️https://t.co/yl56ldeqow ☑️https://t.co/t1s4al3b47 https://t.co/tpxmok70ug 
 on tuesday i visited with the incredible men &amp; women of @icegov &amp; @dhsgov border patrol in yuma az. thank you. we respect &amp; cherish you! https://t.co/ksqddgqwzj 
 the only problem i have with mitch mcconnell is that after hearing repeal &amp; replace for 7 years he failed!that should never have happened 
 james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump. will he show you his beautiful letter to me 
 (enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the american legion - v.a. (respectful and strong). too bad the dems have no one who can change tones 
 james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump. will he show you his beautiful letter to me 
 (enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the american legion - v.a. (respectful and strong). to bad the dems have no one who can change tones 
 the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well there was afghanistan (somber) the big rally 
 (enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the american legion - v.a. (respectful and strong).to bad the dems have no one who can change tones 
 the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well their was afghanistan (somber) the big rally 
 didn't do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up (as usual) on debt ceiling approval. could have been so easy-now a mess 
 i requested that mitch m &amp; paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular v.a. bill (which just passed) for easy approval. they 
 donald e. ballard on behalf of the people of the united states thank you for your courageous service. you inspire us all! #alconv2017 https://t.co/46m20cjklb 
 a great honor to sign the veterans appeals improvement &amp; modernization act into law w/ @americanlegion @secshulkin.🎥https://t.co/fr2sf9orvd https://t.co/bicsrm1tqx 
 as long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #alconv2017 https://t.co/tsiaghbfm7 
 if republican senate doesn't get rid of the filibuster rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the dems would do they are just wasting time 
 last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didn't cover fairly. people got it 
 phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. i love the great state of arizona. not a fan of jeff flake weak on crime &amp; border 
 make america great again! https://t.co/rzepiucv3h 
 #draintheswamp #phoenixrally https://t.co/o7s6xocbic 
 not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! https://t.co/mau0b1qyip 
 thank you arizona. beautiful turnout of 15000 in phoenix tonight! full coverage of rally via my facebook at: https://t.co/s0d12efs40 https://t.co/wt4d9vsen1 
 thank you to all of the great men and women at the u.s. customs and border protection facility in yuma arizona &amp; around the united states! https://t.co/tjfx8xjhdz 
 we will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp; everlasting pride in each &amp; every one of you. god bless america. https://t.co/44qyfsq07a 
 see you at 7:00 p.m. tonight phoenix arizona! #maga🇺🇸tickets: https://t.co/2kuqfkqbsx https://t.co/1w3lvkpese 
 we pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @usnavy aboard the  #ussjohnsmccain and their families. https://t.co/t3kd8qj9mt 
 was with great people last night in fort myer virginia. the future of our country is strong 
 address to the nationfull video &amp; transcript:https://t.co/feldimtuum https://t.co/6ly3fnatix 
 thank you to the men and women of fort myer and every member of the u.s. military at home and abroad. #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/ticezykkhz 
 join me live from fort myer in arlington virginia. ➡️https://t.co/lov4stdjdj 
 thank you the very dishonest fake news media is out of control! https://t.co/8j7y900vgk 
 jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on @foxandfriends. the fake news should listen to what he had to say. thanks jerry 
 thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @usnavy sailors aboard the #ussjohnsmccain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. https://t.co/dqu0ztrxnu 
 heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen 
 i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. our country will soon come together as one 
 our great country has been divided for decades. sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp; we will heal &amp; be stronger than ever before 
 our great country has been divided for decades. sometimes you need protest in order to heel &amp; we will heel &amp; be stronger than ever before 
 great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor @marty_walsh 
 looks like many anti-police agitators in boston. police are looking tough and smart! thank you 
 steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @breitbartnews...maybe even better than ever before. fake news needs the competition 
 important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders. many decisions made including on afghanistan 
 i want to thank steve bannon for his service. he came to the campaign during my run against crooked hillary clinton - it was great! thanks s 
 my thoughts and prayers are with the @kissimmeepolice and their loved ones. we are with you!#lesm 
 today i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act (#hr873.) the bill authorizes....cont➡️https://t.co/c3zikdtowc https://t.co/re6n0ms0cj 
 just returned to bedminster nj from camp david. great meeting on national security the border and the military! #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/hjmcnnse9j 
 i have directed that u.s. cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused on....cont: https://t.co/3iscfumw9s 
 heading to camp david for major meeting on national security the border and the military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever) 
 radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! the courts must give us back our protective rights. have to be tough 
 the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult. they use the courts and associated delay at all times. must stop 
 homeland security and law enforcement are on alert &amp; closely watching for any sign of trouble. our borders are far tougher than ever before 
 study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught. there was no more radical islamic terror for 35 years 
 the united states condemns the terror attack in barcelona spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. be tough &amp; strong we love you 
 the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced 
 can't change history but you can learn from it. robert e lee stonewall jackson - who's next washington jefferson? so foolish! also 
 sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. you 
 many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business. job numbers are looking great 
 great to see that dr. kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake who is weak on borders crime and a non-factor in senate. he's toxic 
 the public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the fake news is. they totally misrepresent what i say about hate bigotry etc. shame 
 and people like ms. heyer. such a disgusting lie. he just can't forget his election trouncing.the people of south carolina will remember 
 publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral equivalency between the kkk neo-nazis &amp; white supremacists 
 thank you @mayorgimenez for following the rule of law! sanctuary cities make our country less safe! full remarks: https://t.co/kz2esq3f1v https://t.co/vd3bb3hyti 
 join me at 7:00 p.m. on tuesday august 22nd in phoenix arizona at the phoenix convention center! tickets at: https://t.co/2kuqfkqbsx https://t.co/5ua74dlvtq 
 today in bedminster i signed the harry w. colmery veterans educational assistance act of 2017 joined by @deptvetaffairs @secshulkin. https://t.co/omuiz8x7ob 
 just landed in bedminster new jersey. #maga 🎥https://t.co/6eqfmrzrnv 
 rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council &amp; strategy &amp; policy forum i am ending both. thank you all 
 memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer a truly special young woman. she will be long remembered by all 
 wow senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. now in september runoff. strong on wall &amp; crime 
 make america great again 
 kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable 
 congratulations john! https://t.co/vhmv7qoutk 
 congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama. exciting race 
 amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. towns cities and states throughout the u.s. are being hurt - many jobs being lost 
 for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council i have many to take their place. grandstanders should not have gone on. jobs 
 big day in alabama. vote for luther strange he will be great 
 @foxandfriends according to report just out president obama knew about russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger russia 
 senator luther strange who is doing a great job for the people of alabama will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. tough on crime borders etc 
 feels good to be home after seven months but the white house is very special there is no place like it... and the u.s. is really my home 
 made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the #fake news media will never be satisfied...truly bad people 
 leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade 
 big day in washington d.c. even though white house &amp; oval office are being renovated. great trade deals coming for american workers 
 @merck pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the u.s. bring jobs back &amp; lower prices 
 now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from president's manufacturing councilhe will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices 
 the obstructionist democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in world history. i am changing that fast 
 luther strange of the great state of alabama has my endorsement. he is strong on border &amp; wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement 
 heading to washington this morning. much work to do. focus on trade and military. #maga 
 condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in charlottesville virginia. so sad 
 deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the va state police who died today. you're all among the best this nation produces 
 we will continue to follow developments in charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. we are ready willing and able. https://t.co/mctybguepi 
 we must remember this truth: no matter our color creed religion or political party we are all americans first. https://t.co/fesmiqskkn 
 what is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#charlottesville https://t.co/db22fgnu6l 
 join me live from bedminster new jersey: https://t.co/p3crvve0cy 
 am in bedminster for meetings &amp; press conference on v.a. &amp; all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but charlottesville sad 
 we all must be united &amp; condemn all that hate stands for. there is no place for this kind of violence in america. lets come together as one 
 press conference - following national security briefing in bedminster new jersey. 🎥https://t.co/v5o8ggloik https://t.co/h1zi5xrkeo 
 as promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp; thrive as the economy grows! https://t.co/zycw4ppcu5 
 "consumer comfort reaches 16-year high on u.s. economic optimism" via bloomberg https://t.co/x6kdszrxss 
 we want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... https://t.co/tyqbvvmbn4 
 military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould north korea act unwisely.  hopefully kim jong un will find another path 
 "trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among hispanics union homes men" https://t.co/vvjmdv9gjl 
 @ivankatrump will lead the u.s. delegation to india this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#ges2017 @narendramodi 
 mitch get back to work and put repeal &amp; replace tax reform &amp; cuts and a great infrastructure bill on my desk for signing. you can do it 
 can you believe that mitch mcconnell who has screamed repeal &amp; replace for 7 years couldn't get it done. must repeal &amp; replace obamacare 
 #godblesstheusa🇺🇸 https://t.co/fkq2gjqokk 
 senator mitch mcconnell said i had "excessive expectations" but i don't think so. after 7 years of hearing repeal &amp; replace why not done 
 hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world 
 my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before 
 senator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama. he has my complete and total endorsement 
 after 200 days rarely has any administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! don't believe the fake news suppression polls 
 e-mails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton/lynch secret meeting in plane 
 after many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by north korea. we must be tough &amp; decisive 
 i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 p.m. in bedminster n.j 
 i think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there 
 how much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business 
 the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on n. korea 
 on #purpleheartday💜i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/qmfdlslp6p 
 conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. now he judges collusion 
 never in u.s.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal. he told stories about his vietnam battles and 
 interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a  phony vietnam con artist 
 working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation. going to new york next week for more meetings 
 hard to believe that with 24/7 #fake news on cnn abc nbc cbs nytimes &amp; wapo the trump base is getting stronger 
  supreme court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the trump base even closer together. will never change 
 and west virginia. the fact is the fake news russian collusion story record stock market border security military strength jobs 
 the trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony fake news polling). look at rallies in penn iowa ohio 
 the failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept 
 just completed call with president moon of south korea. very happy and impressed with 15-0 united nations vote on north korea sanctions 
 the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: s.c. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityisis &amp; ms-13 etc 
 make america great again! https://t.co/g4elhh9joh 
 united nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea. over one billion dollars in cost to n.k 
 thank you nicole! https://t.co/klwn05ufox 
 after many years of leaks going on in washington it is great to see the a.g. taking action! for national security the tougher the better 
 the united nations security council just voted 15-0 to sanction north korea. china and russia voted with us. very big financial impact 
 working in bedminster n.j. as long planned construction is being done at the white house. this is not a vacation - meetings and calls 
 "under trump gains against #isis have dramatically accelerated"https://t.co/jntoth0mol 
 prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first. #americafirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/4ktc6om308 
 great work being done by @fema @dhsgov w/state &amp; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. preparedness is an investment in our future! https://t.co/e4rbchy3zm 
 no matter the mission the brave men &amp; women of our @uscg proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. thank you and happy birthday! #cg227🇺🇸 https://t.co/gy555t0vzn 
 excellent jobs numbers just released - and i have only just begun. many job stifling regulations continue to fall. movement back to usa 
 west virginia was incredible last night. crowds and enthusiasm were beyond gdp at 3% wow!dem governor became a republican last night 
 consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. much more regulation "busting" to come. working hard on tax cuts &amp; reform 
 and don't forget that foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in wisconsin 
 toyota &amp; mazda to build a new $1.6b plant here in the u.s.a. and create 4k new american jobs. a great investment in american manufacturing 
 thank you west virginia! all across the country americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to make america great again! https://t.co/thrh7htvbh 
 just arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at 7:00pme. massive crowd expected - tune in! #maga🇺🇸 
 our great veterans can now connect w/ their va healthcare team from anywhere using #vavideoconnect - available at: https://t.co/wffhlwn8nf. https://t.co/dmq4htsps9 
 today i  announced another historic breakthrough for the va. we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our great veterans! #usa https://t.co/lexsinem1j 
 see you tonight huntington west virginia!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸tickets: https://t.co/eru0xuwdcr https://t.co/obtdsdv94t 
 our relationship with russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. you can thank congress the same people that can't even give us hcare 
 i am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. much work left to do but effect will be great! business &amp; jobs will grow 
 business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. stock market at an all-time high. that doesn't just happen 
 i love the white house one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) i have ever seen. but fake news said i called it a dump - totally untrue 
 i campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects u.s. workers &amp; taxpayers. watch: https://t.co/lv3scsknf6 #raiseact https://t.co/zcfk5ofynb 
 "why the rust belt just gave donald trump a hero's welcome"https://t.co/nqiz8h8ajk 
 it was my great honor to pay tribute to a vet who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades our country &amp; our freedom! https://t.co/ys6y1wr30g 
 small business owners are the dreamers &amp; innovators who are powering us into the future!read more and watch here: https://t.co/hze3fuqkdf https://t.co/tjn5x6hrfg 
 only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media (110 million people). only way for me to get the truth out 
 "corporations have never made as much money as they are making now." thank you stuart varney @foxandfriends jobs are starting to roarwatch 
 stock market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today. was 18000 only 6 months ago on election day. mainstream media seldom mentions 
 a great day at the white house 
 highest stock market ever best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure s.c.: no wh chaos 
 if obamacare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should congress not be paying what public pays 
 don't give up republican senators the world is watching: repeal &amp; replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get cross state lines &amp; more 
 they do nothing for us with north korea just talk. we will no longer allow this to continue. china could easily solve this problem 
 i am very disappointed in china. our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet 
 i love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. problem is most don't exist. #fake news! maga 
 unless the republican senators are total quitters repeal &amp; replace is not dead! demand another vote before voting on any other bill 
 u.s. stock market up almost 20% since election 
 if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon 
 after seven years of "talking" repeal &amp; replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding obamacare 
 if the senate democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. they are laughing at r's. make change 
 8 dems totally control the u.s. senate. many great republican bills will never pass like kate's law and complete healthcare. get smart 
 republicans in the senate will never win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority now. they look like fools and are just wasting time 
 the very outdated filibuster rule must go. budget reconciliation is killing r's in senate. mitch m go to 51 votes now and win. it's time 
 republican senate must get rid of 60 vote now! it is killing the r party allows 8 dems to control country. 200 bills sit in senate. a joke 
 in other words russia was against trump in the 2016 election - and why not i want strong military &amp; low oil prices. witch hunt! https://t.co/mmsxj4su5z 
 we will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first! replay: https://t.co/dczxpkopz9 https://t.co/0ngiihgy18 
 i would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country. we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him 
 and a great leader. john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security. he has been a true star of my administration 
 i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff. he is a great american 
 departing for long island now. an area under siege from #ms13 gang members. we will not rest until #ms13 is eradicated. #lesm https://t.co/gsgbbuxyhs 
 we will always enforce our laws protect our borders and support our police! #lesmharrisburg pennsylvania #flashbackfriday #ms13 https://t.co/79tskiv69j 
 even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60. so many great future bills &amp; budgets need 60 votes 
 if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60 
 3 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down. as i said from the beginning let obamacare implode then deal. watch 
 go republican senators go! get there after waiting for 7 years. give america great healthcare 
 it was my great honor to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - the medal of valor to five american heroes! https://t.co/j7cexubz3f 
 today we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in alexandria va. https://t.co/it52tklsye 
 join me live as we recognize the first responders to the june 14th shooting involving @stevescalise. #teamscalise https://t.co/qoolnmb65d https://t.co/6ocn9jfmag 
 big progress being made in ridding our country of ms-13 gang members and gang members in general. make america safe again 
 about then candidate trump." catherine herridge @foxnews. so why doesn't fake news report this? witch hunt! purposely phony reporting 
 "one of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the russians collected and spread negative information 
 come on republican senators you can do it on healthcare. after 7 years this is your chance to shine! don't let the american people down 
 wow the failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful t.v. show in america." 
 thank you foxconn for investing $10 billion dollars with the potential for up to 13k new jobs in wisconsin! madeintheusa🇺🇸 https://t.co/jjghveb63s 
 congratulations to boys and girls nation. it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today! full remarks: https://t.co/pb5fttoywf https://t.co/u6tfv93ddg 
 in america we don't worship government - we worship god!🎥https://t.co/jiejsgvnna 
 big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from hillary clinton and her representatives. drain the swamp 
 why didn't a.g. sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got 
 victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. thank you 
 transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the u.s. military. our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming 
 after consultation with my generals and military experts please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow 
 senator @lisamurkowski of the great state of alaska really let the republicans and our country down yesterday. too bad 
 the crowd in ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. we all had a great time in a great state. will be back soon 
 people of ohio are fantastic. thank you so much. what an evening! https://t.co/km0zoaulyh 
 it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post 44 in youngstown ohio this evening. a grateful nation salutes you! https://t.co/rxobyhp1or 
 just arrived in youngstown ohio with @flotus melania!#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸🎥https://t.co/a1mrxsksr3 https://t.co/jwx9yblx8z 
 @senjohnmccain-thank you for coming to d.c. for such a vital vote. congrats to all rep. we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans 
 joint press conference with prime minister saad hariri of lebanon beginning shortly. join us live!➡️https://t.co/7pquwbeutn https://t.co/jhvhkgrpoy 
 "america's labor market continues to boom" jobs jobs jobs! https://t.co/luoar1iz2e 
 the american people have waited long enough. there has been enough talk and no action for seven years. now is the time for action! https://t.co/vdtiyl0ua7 
 will be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight. big crowd expected. see you there 
 this will be a very interesting day for healthcare.the dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people 
 working on major trade deal with the united kingdom. could be very big &amp; exciting. jobs! the e.u. is very protectionist with the u.s. stop 
 jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians. witch hunt. next up 11 year old barron trump 
 so great that john mccain is coming back to vote. brave - american hero! thank you john 
 obamacare is torturing the american people.the democrats have fooled the people long enough. repeal or repeal &amp; replace! i have pen in hand 
 big day for healthcare. after 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate 
 problem is that the acting head of the fbi &amp; the person in charge of the hillary investigation andrew mccabe got $700000 from h for wife 
 attorney general jeff sessions has taken a very weak position on hillary clinton crimes (where are e-mails &amp; dnc server) &amp; intel leakers 
 ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump campaign - "quietly working to boost clinton." so where is the investigation a.g. @seanhannity 
 is fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon no-tax monopoly 
 so many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are fake news. they are as bad as ratings challenged @cnn. lobbyist for amazon and taxes 
 the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad 
 #2017jambo- remember your duty. honor your history. take care of the people god puts into your life – and love &amp; cherish your country! https://t.co/dnnyxgjm4i 
 any senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w/ the #ocarenightmare! remarks: https://t.co/tsvwamdxba https://t.co/di7e78hr6n 
 arriving at joint base andrews with @secretaryperry @secretaryzinke and @secpricemd..... https://t.co/yxm94xktuv 
 republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on repeal &amp; replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it 
 sleazy adam schiff the totally biased congressman looking into "russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse 
 so why aren't the committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered a.g. looking into crooked hillarys crimes &amp; russia relations 
 after 1 year of investigation with zero evidence being found chuck schumer just stated that "democrats should blame ourselvesnot russia." 
 drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the fake news 
 thank you to @loudobbs for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a+. s.c.reg cuttingstock m jobsborder etc. = true 
 if republicans don't repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand 
 it's hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad 
 it's very sad that republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their president 
 as the phony russian witch hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold democrats and russians 
 to every patriot who will serve on the #ussgeraldrford:☑️keep the watch🇺🇸☑️protect her🇺🇸☑️defend her🇺🇸☑️love her🇺🇸good luck &amp; godspeed! https://t.co/shcz5gqkch 
 american steel &amp; american hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: american might is second to none!#ussgeraldrford #usa https://t.co/pibf37eybg 
 a ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the american sailor is the best in the world. @usnavy #ussgeraldrford https://t.co/ymitlxcceh 
 join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r. ford!➡️https://t.co/f78ior64tw #usa https://t.co/prvceempob 
 obamacare is dead and the democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. it is solely up to the 52 republican senators 
 the republican senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to repeal and replace. next tax reform and infrastructure. win 
 in all fairness to anthony scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the republican primaries started but didn't think i was running 
 my son donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas crooked hillary clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33000 e-mails 
 what about all of the clinton ties to russia including podesta company uranium deal russian reset big dollar speeches etc 
 so many people are asking why isn't the a.g. or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted 
 while all agree the u. s. president has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against us.fake news 
 this morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world the gerald r. ford.  norfolk va 
 the failing new york times foiled u.s. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristal-baghdadi.their sick agenda over national security 
 a new intelligence leak from the amazon washington postthis time against a.g. jeff sessions.these illegal leaks like comey's must stop 
 sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media - but his future is bright 
 today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the @whitehouse. #honorthem🇺🇸remarks: https://t.co/gysxxqazbl https://t.co/6ipmbqvi10 
 today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the wh. remarks: https://t.co/gysxxqazblhttps://t.co/gysxxqazbl https://t.co/zjalafbcv0 
 manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @shopfloornam:https://t.co/a42fnelct1 https://t.co/whztcaxhrq 
 icymi- this week we hosted a #madeinamerica event right here at the @whitehouse! if it is made in america it is the best! usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/q4vb9gde5y 
 "six months in - it is the hope of growth📈that is making america🇺🇸four trillion dollars💰richer." -stuart @varneyco🎥https://t.co/s7fyoicwgv https://t.co/x9meuzdom6 
 #madeinamerica🇺🇸📸https://t.co/39dwlghi7r https://t.co/vfirc5xssx 
 billions of dollars in investments &amp; thousands of new jobs in america! an initiative via corning merck &amp; pfizer: https://t.co/qnen48bsiq https://t.co/5vtmfuy3pm 
 i am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in america. #americafirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/nonhjywp4j 
 departing the pentagon after meetings with @vp pence secretary james mattis and our great teams. #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/5d1mszhjqs 
 melania and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain cindy and their entire family. get well soon. https://t.co/fonwvlmyyz 
 the republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.the dems scream death as ocare dies 
 i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare. they must keep their promise to america 
 the fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister 
 fake news story of secret dinner with putin is "sick." all g 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the chancellor of germany. press knew 
 the senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. even parts of full repeal need 60. 8 dems control senate. crazy 
 with only a very small majority the republicans in the house &amp; senate need more victories next year since dems totally obstruct no votes 
 as i have always said let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. stay tuned 
 we were let down by all of the democrats and a few republicans. most republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. we will return 
 republicans should just repeal failing obamacare now &amp; work on a new healthcare plan that will start from a clean slate. dems will join in 
 most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. that's politics 
 heading back to washington d.c. much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security 
 congratulations to sung hyun park on winning the 2017 @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸 
 i am at the @usga  #uswomensopen. an amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting 
 the #ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe. our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. congratulations! https://t.co/ytnmwsh1kg 
 the abc/washington post poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time 
 with all of its phony unnamed sources &amp; highly slanted &amp; even fraudulent reporting #fake news is distorting democracy in our country 
 thank you to former campaign adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning campaign 
 thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the women's u.s. open. very cool 
 hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate &amp; delete 33000 emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media 
 the women played great today at the @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸 i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! https://t.co/2owyptgfiy 
 just got to the #uswomensopen in bedminster new jersey. people are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election 
 make america great again! https://t.co/3eyf3nir4b 
 next week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster. #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 https://t.co/xjvdkgo1nk 
 will be at the women's u.s. open today 
 stock market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the russian hoax story! also jobs numbers are starting to look very good 
 stock market at new all-time high! working on new trade deals that will be great for u.s. and its workers 
 i will be at the @usga #uswomensopen in bedminster nj tomorrow. big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting 
 honored to serve as commander-in-chief to the courageous men and women of our u.s. armed forces. a grateful nation thanks you! https://t.co/wernv7j4oo 
 president @emmanuelmacronthank you for inviting melania and myself to such a historic celebration in france. #bastilleday #14juillet https://t.co/kzjjqoo0h1 
 just landed from paris france. it was an incredible visit with president @emmanuelmacron. a lot discussed and accomplished in two days 
 left paris for u.s.a. will be heading to new jersey and attending the#uswomensopen their most important tournament this afternoon 
 great conversations with president @emmanuelmacron and his representatives on trade military and security 
 the united states mourns for the victims of nice france. we pledge our solidarity with france against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https://t.co/7irbz08ot3 
 it was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent #bastilleday parade. congratulations president @emmanuelmacron! https://t.co/1j4vziy98y 
 @vp mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people 
 after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare republican senators must come through as they have promised 
 so impt rep senators under leadership of @senatemajldr mcconnell get healthcare plan approved. after 7yrs of o'care disaster must happen 
 republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved. i will be at my desk pen in hand 
 great evening with president @emmanuelmacron &amp; mrs. macron. went to eiffel tower for dinner. relationship with france stronger than ever. https://t.co/ib1pduyoeu 
 great bilateral meetings at élysée palace w/ president @emmanuelmacron. the friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. https://t.co/iosoc0mdpv 
 president @emmanuelmacronthank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at les invalides today! https://t.co/rkir1gcrrb 
 melania and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @usembassyfrance members of the u.s. military and their families. https://t.co/zsdsj0bsbl 
 just landed in paris france with @flotus melania. https://t.co/knulgoqf1k 
 big win today for building the wall. it will secure the border &amp; save lives. now the full house &amp; senate must act! ➡️https://t.co/ttg7lvbdo2 https://t.co/xhiknxko70 
 jobs jobs jobs! #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/hscs4y9zjk 
 stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. jobs outlook looking very good! #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/vwxsb2vwge 
 getting rdy to leave for france @ the invitation of president macron to celebrate &amp; honor bastille day and 100yrs since u.s. entry into wwi 
 "after 14 years u.s. beef hits chinese market. trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture." https://t.co/gdggejqfms 
 the w.h. is functioning perfectly focused on healthcare tax cuts/reform &amp; many other things. i have very little time for watching t.v 
 why aren't the same standards placed on the democrats. look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with. disgraceful 
 @washtimes states "democrats have willfully used moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against donald trump." 
 isis is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of syria &amp; iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; ms 13 gangs are being removed 
 remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the fake media often times those sources are made up and do not exist 
 my son donald did a good job last night. he was open transparent and innocent. this is the greatest witch hunt in political history. sad 
 my son donald will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 p.m. he is a great person who loves our country 
 big wins against isis 
 marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking. melania and i send our deepest condolences to all 
 working hard to get the olympics for the united states (l.a.). stay tuned 
 the senate democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 presidential nominees. they  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct 
 if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the fake news would say chelsea for pres 
 when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries i asked ivanka to hold seat. very standard. angela m agrees 
 i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go 
 james comey leaked classified information to the media. that is so illegal 
 the fact that president putin and i discussed a cyber security unit  doesn't mean i think it can happen. it can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did 
 syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. many lives can be saved. came out of meeting. good 
 for years even as a "civilian" i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare. now they finally have their chance 
 make america great again! https://t.co/nvdvrrwls4 
 sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with president putin. nothing will be done until the ukrainian &amp; syrian problems are solved 
 have it. fake news said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). why did obama do nothing when he had info before election 
 and safe. questions were asked about why the cia &amp; fbi had to ask the dnc 13 times for their server and were rejected still don't 
 putin &amp; i discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit    so that election hacking &amp; many other negative things will be guarded 
 we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives. now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia 
 i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election. he vehemently denied it. i've already given my opinion 
 the g 20 summit was a great success for the u.s. - explained that the u.s. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. will get done 
 thank you @senatordole very kind! https://t.co/cxryik46qq 
 leaving hamburg for washington d.c. and the wh. just left china’s president xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; north korea 
 law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in hamburg. everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @polizeihamburg #g20summit 
 the #g20summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel. thank you 
 we will fight the #fakenews with you! https://t.co/zomixteljq 
 great first day with world leaders at the #g20summit here in hamburg germany. looking forward to day two! #usa https://t.co/blkgzkqemw 
 thank you! trump’s defining speech wsj editorial: https://t.co/yudgvfrror https://t.co/t0r4u4ihdj 
 i will represent our country well and fight for its interests! fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares! we will #maga 
 i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with vladimir putin. much to discuss.#g20summit #usa🇺🇸 
 everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia. disgraceful 
 after poland had a great meeting with chancellor merkel and then with pm shinzō abe of japan &amp; president moon of south korea 
 my experience yesterday in poland was a great one. thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech 
 a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe and a strong europe is a blessing to the west and to the world. https://t.co/vhzpwmtjsm 
 the west will never be broken. our values will prevail. our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph! https://t.co/sozuvgdp5t 
 america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #potusinpoland https://t.co/mhxrmvvtsh 
 on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱#icymi watch here➡️ https://t.co/copvxnn8yg #potusinpoland https://t.co/ylu3wlzv2h 
 congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. thank you! ➡️https://t.co/mdhfzdm3ed https://t.co/bcb3wljilg 
 trade between china and north korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. so much for china working with us - but we had to give it a try 
 the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world history.why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us 
 getting ready to leave for poland after which i will travel to germany for the g-20. will be back on saturday 
 #happyindependenceday #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/9pfqnrsh1z 
 gas prices are the lowest in the u.s. in over ten years! i would like to see them go even lower 
 getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july with a big crowd at the white house. happy 4th to everyone. our country will grow and prosper 
 #happyindependenceday #july4 #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/nsfslpefrp 
 and japan will put up with this much longer. perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all 
 north korea has just launched another missile. does this guy have anything better to do with his life? hard to believe that south korea 
 dow hit a new intraday all-time high! i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report 
 really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping 
 thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on @foxnews 
 if we can help little #charliegard as per our friends in the u.k. and the pope we would be delighted to do so 
 at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with isis the border &amp; so much else 
 will be speaking with italy this morning 
 spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middle-east. interesting things are happening 
 will be speaking with germany and france this morning 
 america's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of freedom overcoming oppression the strong protecting the weak &amp; g… https://t.co/lttpgsp3fc 
 stock market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger 
 the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people!… https://t.co/ewnwceugmv 
 #fraudnewscnn #fnn https://t.co/wyunhjjujg 
 we will always take care of our great veterans. you have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… https://t.co/btpuerxlor 
 my use of social media is not presidential - it’s modern day presidential. make america great again 
 i am thinking about changing the name #fakenews cnn to #fraudnewscnn 
 the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. i had to beat #fakenews and did. we will continue to win 
 the fake &amp; fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media - but remember i won 
 getting rdy to leave for tonight's celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w/ so many of my evangelic… https://t.co/shftaomjry 
 weekly address🇺🇸 #kateslaw#nosanctuaryforcriminalsactstatement: https://t.co/i8cqkgdk2b https://t.co/00mao6vk7r 
 crazy joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses. too bad 
 i am extremely pleased to see that @cnn has finally been exposed as #fakenews and garbage journalism. it's about time 
 numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel. what are they trying to hide 
 word is that @greta van susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @nbc &amp; @comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'trump hate!' 
 happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend @justintrudeau. #canada150 
 america will think big once again. we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american… https://t.co/hzcmp5csjc 
 the era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed. that patience is over. we are working closely… https://t.co/mxn04v2yn4 
 i am encouraged by president moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers b… https://t.co/duzh6amjjs 
 watched low rated @morning_joe for first time in long time. fake news. he called me to stop a national enquirer article. i said no! bad show 
 crime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help. 1714 shootings in chicago this year 
 if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately repeal and then replace at a later date 
 just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea. many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal 
 our new american energy policy will unlock millions of jobs &amp; trillions in wealth. we are on the cusp of a true ene… https://t.co/w5y7uxzssd 
 when it comes to the future of america’s energy needs we will find it we will dream it and we will build it.… https://t.co/m0hmpbuz6c 
 statement on house passage of kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act. https://t.co/upry9xgk5a 
 good news out of the house with the passing of 'no sanctuary for criminals act.' hopefully senate will follow 
 good news house just passed #kateslaw. hopefully senate will follow 
 "mattis says trump’s warning stopped chemical weapons attack in syria" https://t.co/xl9llnkh8i 
 join me live with @vp @secretaryperry @secretaryzinke and @epascottpruitt. #unleashingamericanenergyhttps://t.co/hlm7f2bqd9 
 make america safe again!#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact #kateslaw #saveamericanlives https://t.co/jbn4hpjqjs 
 today the house votes on two crucial bills:☑️#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact ☑️#kateslaw ☑️pass these bills &amp; lets… https://t.co/4n2c0oxmve 
 to mar-a-lago 3 nights in a row around new year's eve and insisted on joining me. she was bleeding badly from a face-lift. i said no 
 i heard poorly rated @morning_joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). then how come low i.q. crazy mika along with psycho joe came 
 new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the u.s. had no deal for many years which hurt u.s. badly 
 tomorrow the house votes on #kateslaw &amp; no sanctuary for criminals act. lawmakers must vote to put american safety… https://t.co/p3vd8ixxad 
 from my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy. remarks… https://t.co/vboeubd59k 
 democrats purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill - actually goes up. https://t.co/necct4k6uh 
 today i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow. watch and read more… https://t.co/5k8wzw1t68 
 it was my great honor to welcome the 2016 world series champion chicago @cubs ⚾️ to the @whitehouse this afternoon.… https://t.co/gvphj9hzdv 
 #icymi- on monday i had the great honor of welcoming india's prime minister @narendramodi to the wh. full remarks:… https://t.co/7iiqeh7xxv 
 the #amazonwashingtonpost sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is fake news 
 some of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare. wrong i know the subject well &amp; want victory for u.s 
 the failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. they don't even call to verify the facts of a story. a fake news joke 
 i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare. they really want to get it right unlike ocare 
 with zero democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy the republican senators are working hard 
 so they caught fake news cnn cold but what about nbc cbs &amp; abc? what about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? they are all fake news 
 fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories. ratings way down 
 wow cnn had to retract big story on "russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. what about all the other phony stories they do? fake news 
 great day for america's future security and safety courtesy of the u.s. supreme court. i will keep fighting for the american people &amp; win 
 from @foxnews "bombshell: in 2016 obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election."  check out his statement - witch hunt 
 very grateful for the 9-o decision from the u. s. supreme court. we must keep america safe 
 republican senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the democrats. not easy! perhaps just let ocare crash &amp; burn 
 under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of t people colluding. there is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. i should be given apology 
 the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling. with 4 months looking at russia 
 and did not want to "rock the boat." he didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good 
 the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win 
 the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists they have no policies or ideas. all they do is delay and complain.they own obamacare 
 i am on @foxandfriends - enjoy 
 hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders. is she allowed to so collude? unfair to bernie 
 make america great again 
 i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer 
 obama administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on russian meddling of election. they didn't want to hurt hillary 
 since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling why no action? focus on them not t 
 democrats slam gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums &amp; deductibles increase by over 100%. remember keep your doctor keep your plan 
 just out: the obama administration knew far in advance of november 8th about election meddling by russia. did nothing about it. why 
 weekly address🇺🇸 https://t.co/p1f12i9gvt 
 today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #vaaccountability act into law delivering my campaign promise… https://t.co/g0k8nfwqnj 
 i've helped pass and signed 38 legislative bills mostly with no democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. nice 
 will be on @foxandfriends. enjoy 
 @flotus &amp; i were honored to host our first wh congressional picnic. a wonderful evening &amp; tradition. @marineband:… https://t.co/h5l4mywmam 
 we're all thinking of you @stevescalise! #teamscalise https://t.co/yqf6exhm7x 
 together we are going to make america great again!#americafirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/mvjbs44atr 
 i am very supportive of the senate #healthcarebill. look forward to making it really special! remember obamacare is dead 
 mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only syria. drug trade is largely the cause. we will build the wall 
 as promised our campaign against the ms-13 gang continues. "@icegov busts 39 ms-13 members in new york operation"https://t.co/ki41gxecmy 
 whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with james comey but i did not make and do not have any such recordings 
 with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information i have no idea 
 i certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out. that would be very bad for the republican party - and please let cryin' chuck stay 
 why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi and still hasn't? it's all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election 
 why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). it's all a big dem hoax 
 by the way if russia was working so hard on the 2016 election it all took place during the obama admin. why didn't they stop them 
 former homeland security advisor jeh johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between trump &amp; russia 
 great night in iowa - special people. thank you 
 thank you kirkwood community college. heading to the u.s. cellular center now for an 8pme make america great again… https://t.co/n6ls32a6zn 
 just landed in iowa. see everyone soon! #maga🇺🇸 
 democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcaretax cutssecurity. obstruction doesn't work 
 well the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o! all the fake news all the money spent = 0 
 ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolina's 5th district. we are all honored by your success tonight 
 congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia 6th. fantastic job we are all very proud of you 
 thank you @foxnews "huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election." 
 things are looking great for karen h 
 it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence.➡️… https://t.co/j1ulod6pyq 
 while i greatly appreciate the efforts of president xi &amp; china to help with north korea it has not worked out. at least i know china tried 
 the u.s. once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. video: https://t.co/rvm11zbpk7 
 karen handel for congress. she will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! vote today 
 democrat jon ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district 
 big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina. obamacare is dead. dems want to raise taxes big! they can only obstruct no ideas. vote "r" 
 melania and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier. full statement: https://t.co/8kmca6ytfd https://t.co/ehrp4bijeb 
 it was my great honor to welcome president @jc_varela &amp; mrs. varela from panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️… https://t.co/770ojj2uyb 
 because he doesn't even live there! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. on tuesday #votekarenhandel 
 karen handel's opponent in #ga06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent 
 because he doesn't live there! he wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. on tuesday #votekarenhandel 
 karen handle's opponent in #ga06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent 
 getting great border security and healthcare. #voteralphnorman tomorrow 
 ralph norman who is running for congress in sc's 5th district will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and 
 my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @usnavy sailors of the #ussfitzgerald and their families. ➡️… https://t.co/l3u5c8iymh 
 the dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and border security.their obamacare is dead with 100% increases in p's. vote now for karen h 
 jay sekulow on @foxandfriends now 
 camp david is a very special place. an honor to have spent the weekend there. military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do 
 the new rasmussen poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 election just out with a trump 50% approval rating.that's higher than o's #'s 
 massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new s.c.justice and infrastructure healthcare and tax cuts in works 
 the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt. many new jobs high business enthusiasm 
 thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families. thank you to our japanese allies for th… https://t.co/bbvmtfxvkk 
 back from miami where my cuban/american friends are very happy with what i signed today. another campaign promise that i did not forget 
 "national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cuba"memorandum… https://t.co/rvr9dg2hxt 
 "remarks by president trump on the policy of the u.s.a. towards cuba"video: https://t.co/juwcjgxx5dtranscript:… https://t.co/hilchbpjet 
 great news! #maga https://t.co/pirhr7layt 
 i am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director! witch hunt 
 despite the phony witch hunt going on in america the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up 
 the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over 100 million people! i can go around them 
 after 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the russians"  nobody has been able to show any proof. sad 
 #congressionalbaseballgame⚾️ https://t.co/u8inojtf6d 
 thank you wisconsin! tuesday was a great success for #workforceweek at @wctc w/ @ivankatrump &amp; @govwalker. remarks… https://t.co/l8o396yykx 
 crooked h destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp; had husband meet w/ag days before she was cleared- &amp; they talk about obstruction 
 why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are 
 you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #maga 
 they made up a phony collusion with the russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. nice 
 just left hospital. rep. steve scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. pray for steve 
 happy birthday to u.s. army and our soldiers. thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp; dedication. proud to be your commander-in-chief 
 rep. steve scalise of louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. our thoughts and prayers are with him 
 just got back from wisconsin. great day great people 
 the passage of the @deptvetaffairs accountability and whistleblower protection act is great news for veterans! i lo… https://t.co/k45aci25bt 
 just arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs jobs jobs! #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/lej9s817yb 
 2 million more people just dropped out of obamacare. it is in a death spiral. obstructionist democrats gave up have no answer = resist 
 heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs jobs jobs! big progress being made as the real news is reporting 
 fake news is at an all time high. where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories 
 a.g. lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave hillary clinton a free pass and protection. totally illegal 
 well as predicted the 9th circuit did it again - ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. s.c 
 the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty. purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. sad 
 congratulations to the 2016 @clemsonfb tigers!full ceremony: https://t.co/syjugomhhj#nationalchampions🏈 https://t.co/f23nzox2bi 
 finally held our first full @cabinet meeting today. with this great team we can restore american prosperity and br… https://t.co/b0rokshtfe 
 congratulations! 'first new coal mine of trump era opens in pennsylvania' https://t.co/airllxnlqa 
 we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #pulsenightclub shooting.… https://t.co/7lzggdjkxz 
 ivanka on @foxandfriends now 
 great numbers on the economy. all of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing executive orders now kicking in 
 my daughter ivanka will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. enjoy 
 the democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing #obamacare. they are only obstructionists 
 i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. totally illegal? very 'cowardly!' 
 way up. regulations way down. 600000+ new jobs added. unemployment down to 4.3%. business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels 
 the #fakenews msm doesn't report the great economic news since election day. #dow up 16%. #nasdaq up 19.5%. drilling &amp; energy sector 
 america is going to build again. under budget and ahead of schedule. time to put #americafirst! #infrastructureweek… https://t.co/d5tbbjxcn3 
 time to start building in our country with american workers &amp; with american iron aluminum &amp; steel. it is time to… https://t.co/rgzcryecmz 
 it is time to rebuild our country to bring back our jobs to restore our dreams &amp; yes to put #americafirst! ty o… https://t.co/2b2bxwxgka 
 a great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the @whitehouse infrastructure summit.… https://t.co/5f6cn3hboq 
 an honor to join the @faithandfreedom coalition yesterday. in america we don't worship government. we worship god.… https://t.co/1ds8brzuqe 
 congratulations to jeb hensarling &amp; republicans on successful house vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 dodd-frank financial law. growth 
 great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. thank you 
 despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and wow comey is a leaker 
 getting ready to leave for cincinnati in the great state of ohio to meet with obamacare victims and talk healthcare &amp; also infrastructure 
 i will be nominating christopher a. wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new director of the fbi. details to follow 
 senate passed the va accountability act. the house should get this bill to my desk asap! we can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets 
 #icymi: announcement of air traffic control initiative watch➡️https://t.co/imizr22gaw 
 great meeting with @housegop and @senategop leaders including @speakerryan @senatemajldr @gopleader @johncornyn… https://t.co/g03w8cetcs 
 today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy 73 years ago. #dday… https://t.co/zhr24dmzyb 
 extremism and all reference was pointing to qatar. perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism 
 so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off. they said they would take a hard line on funding 
 sorry folks but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn nbc abc cbs washpost or nytimes i would have had zero chance winning wh 
 during my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology. leaders pointed to qatar - look 
 the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media. they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out 
 big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare. we are all pushing hard - must get it right 
 that's right we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people 
 today i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future - finally!➡️… https://t.co/niiorksrjn 
 @secshulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades. our heroes deserve the best! ➡️… https://t.co/rnnp9q7tdh 
 pathetic excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. msm is working hard to sell it 
 @foxandfriends  dems are taking forever to approve my people including ambassadors. they are nothing but obstructionists! want approvals 
 in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the u.s. in order to help keep our country safe. the courts are slow and political 
 the justice dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the supreme court - &amp; seek much tougher version 
 the justice dept. should have stayed with the original travel ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to s.c 
 people the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but i am calling it what we need and what it is a travel ban 
 do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? that's because they used knives and a truck 
 at least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is "no reason to be alarmed!" 
 we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. if we don't get smart it will only get worse 
 whatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u. k. we will be there - we are with you. god bless 
 we need to be smart vigilant and tough. we need the courts to give us back our rights. we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety 
 #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 https://t.co/dnzrzikxhd 
 #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸https://t.co/ejxevz3a1r 
 make america great again 
 my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field. #americafirst🇺🇸➡️… https://t.co/hl7owbwzyi 
 join me live at the @whitehouse.➡️https://t.co/9vob99w42r https://t.co/sjb5vhlhyh 
 the big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the obama administration 
 i will be announcing my decision on paris accord thursday at 3:00 p.m.  the white house rose garden.  make america great again 
 crooked hillary clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. hits facebook &amp; even dems &amp; dnc 
 it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam nguyễn xuân phúc to the @whitehouse this afternoon. https://t.co/6ybrivjucy 
 we traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. see more at:… https://t.co/ft4kypoal0 
 i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days. make america great again 
 hopefully republican senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) healthcare bill. add saved $'s 
 kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself. my children especially my 11 year old son barron are having a hard time with this. sick 
 case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by james comey john brennan..." witch hunt 
 so now it is reported that the democrats who have excoriated carter page about russia don't want him to testify. he blows away their 
 who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  enjoy 
 despite the constant negative press covfefe 
 the u.s. senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get healthcare and tax cuts approved fast and easy. dems would do it no doubt 
 russian officials must be laughing at the u.s. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news 
 we have a massive trade deficit with germany plus they pay far less than they should on nato &amp; military. very bad for u.s. this will change 
 i look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning 
 today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. thank you god bless your families &amp; god bless the usa 
 north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor china by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but china is trying hard 
 honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america. home of the free because of the brave. #memorialday🇺🇸 
 the fake news media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want america to hear the real story 
 the massive tax cuts/reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. big benefits to all 
 i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere. obamacare is dead - the republicans will do much better 
 british prime minister may was very angry that the info the u.k. gave to u.s. about manchester was leaked. gave me full details 
 does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems &amp; fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered 
 it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #fakenews is the enemy 
 does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems &amp; fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered 
 it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #fakenews is the enemy 
 whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names 
 it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the #fakenews media 
 just returned from europe. trip was a great success for america. hard work but big results 
 big win in montana for republicans 
 just arrived in italy after having a very successful nato meeting in brussels. told other nations they must pay more not fair to  u.s 
 big win in montana for republicans! we 
 bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the u.s.a. from the middle east - which will mean jobs jobs jobs 
 i look forward to reading the @commercegov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in june. will take major action if necessary 
 "we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field." 
 just left the #g7summit. had great meetings on everything especially on trade where 
 i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week 
 many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. money is beginning to pour in- nato will be much stronger 
 big g7 meetings today. lots of very important matters under discussion. first on the list of course is terrorism. #g7taormina 
 on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening president sergio mattarella.… https://t.co/ehvwgjkrry 
 terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp; defeat this evil➡️https://t.co/haeuvcif6i 
 getting ready to engage g7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security 
 just arrived in italy for the g7. trip has been very successful. we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs 
 just arrived in taormina with @flotus melania. #g7summit #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/l7axolkbik 
 thank you for your support. together we will make america safe and great again!#potusabroad #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/42vcwr5gka 
 today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#natomeeting #nato https://t.co/ynzv3btekb 
 thank you for the warm welcome to brussels belgium this afternoon! https://t.co/1avysamed4 
 honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis. i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac… https://t.co/jhe7sroaxd 
 all civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace 
 israel saudi arabia and the middle east were great. trying hard for peace. doing well. heading to vatican &amp; pope then #g7 and #nato 
 thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi 
 we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom. https://t.co/x6fuuxxyxe 
 prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi- on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you for the invitation… https://t.co/z5ycparv6t 
 #riyadhsummit #potusabroad🇺🇸 https://t.co/wddeoiv6os 
 speech transcript at arab islamic american summit ➡️https://t.co/euwxjxjxbereplay ➡️https://t.co/vtmlsqcixx#riyadhsummit #potusabroad 
 thank you to the brave servicemen &amp; women who have served and continue to serve the united states- our true heroes… https://t.co/ztv9f639xm 
 great to be in riyadh saudi arabia. looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #potusabroad https://t.co/jjora0kfyr 
 #weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️https://t.co/uyehgch4hl https://t.co/hiqofuc5cy 
 getting ready for my big foreign trip. will be strongly protecting american interests - that's what i like to do 
 "president donald j. trump proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #policeweek"proclamation➡️… https://t.co/eccsgaizwu 
 a great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today!🇺🇸🇨🇴joint press conf➡️… https://t.co/uwfiqedsay 
 with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign &amp; obama administration there was never a special counsel appointed 
 this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history 
 with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign &amp; obama administration there was never a special councel appointed 
 it was my great honor to deliver the #cgacommencement17 at the @uscgacademy. congratulations to the class of 2017!… https://t.co/ehqanqxisy 
 it was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey recep tayyip erdoğan to the @whitehouse today! https://t.co/4bwjocgnnv 
 'u.s. industrial production surged in april' https://t.co/s0z4seirhi 
 i have been asking director comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the leakers in the intelligence community 
 to terrorism and airline flight safety. humanitarian reasons plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis &amp; terrorism 
 as president i wanted to share with russia (at an openly scheduled w.h. meeting) which i have the absolute right to do facts pertaining 
 #peaceofficersmemorialday and#policeweek proclamation: https://t.co/o4ixvfzuhw https://t.co/umj6hklx4a 
 today i delivered remarks at the 36th annual national peace officers' memorial service. #nationalpoliceweekwatch… https://t.co/3eiovdctqb 
 wishing @flotus melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! happy #mothersday 
 i was thrilled to be back @libertyu. congratulations to the class of 2017! this is your day and you've earned it.… https://t.co/87ryopwbiy 
 will be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at 9:00 p.m. (saturday night). enjoy 
 we 
 #weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️https://t.co/ut4k4fh88y https://t.co/1iw7tvvnch 
 today i welcomed the victory christian center school. good luck @ the team america rocketry challenge! #tarc watch… https://t.co/wfrrsk2wuo 
 today @flotus hosted a military mother's day event in the east room of the wh. it was an honor to stop by say hel… https://t.co/wnvb0pyoef 
 china just agreed that the u.s. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into china once again. this is real news 
 when james clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end 
 james comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press 
 maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy 
 as a very active president with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy 
 the fake media is working overtime today 
 again the story that there was collusion between the russians &amp; trump campaign was fabricated by dems as an excuse for losing the election 
 yesterday on the same day- i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine pavlo… https://t.co/hm4u54dcqo 
 russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the u.s. tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election 
 we finally agree on something rosie. https://t.co/bsp5f3pgbz 
 'presidential executive order on the establishment of presidential advisory commission on election integrity'➡️… https://t.co/kvg8r7qzs5 
 'presidential executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure'… https://t.co/kqdbvxpekk 
 the democrats should be ashamed. this is a disgrace!#draintheswamp https://t.co/ufbkeecm2v 
 dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about dir. comey. now that he has been fired they pretend to be aggrieved. phony hypocrites 
 the roger stone report on @cnn is false - fake news. have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision 
 caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. he should be the one who is investigated for his acts 
 years as a pol in connecticut blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam - except he was never there. when 
 watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke. "richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in u.s. history. for 
 comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington republican and democrat alike. when things calm down they will be thanking me 
 james comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi 
 the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad 
 cryin' chuck schumer stated recently "i do not have confidence in him (james comey) any longer." then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp 
 'manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'https://t.co/txfzdyyioe 
 it was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month. today we honor and thank all teachers!… https://t.co/saujfizcwr 
 biggest story today between clapper &amp; yates is on surveillance. why doesn't the media report on this? #fakenews 
 the russia-trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end 
 sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news 
 director clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ russia and trump 
 honored to welcome georgia prime minister giorgi kvirikashvili to the @whitehouse today with @vp mike pence.… https://t.co/ohxxgtntwb 
 ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h. counsel 
 ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h. council 
 general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that 
 congratulations to @pga_johndaly on his big win yesterday. john is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again 
 rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico. fired their employees. tax product big that's sold in u.s 
 congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france. i look very much forward to working with him 
 republican senators will not let the american people down! obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead 
 when will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia &amp; why the dnc wouldn't allow the fbi to check their server or investigate 
 the reason i am staying in bedminster n. j. a beautiful community is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive. meetings 
 great jobs report today - it is all beginning to work 
 why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? it's dead 
 wowthe fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible.far better than ocare 
 #weeklyaddress🇺🇸 https://t.co/4qckkpbtcr 
 jobs jobs jobs! https://t.co/ur0eetseno 
 of course the australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. obamacare is dead! but our healthcare will soon be great 
 rather than causing a big disruption in n.y.c. i will be working out of my home in bedminster n.j. this weekend. also saves country money 
 big win in the house - very exciting! but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare 
 an honor to welcome pm of australia @turnbullmalcolm to america &amp; join him in marking the 75th anniversary of the… https://t.co/fomuec7eae 
 it was a great day for the united states of america! this is a great plan that is a repeal &amp; replace of obamacare.… https://t.co/0tnmln55lm 
 if victorious republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote 
 insurance companies are fleeing obamacare - it is dead. our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare 
 i am watching the democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" obamacare lie." 
 beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night. join us now for a #nationaldayofprayer live:… https://t.co/b8j1twzjuv 
 death spiral!'aetna will exit obamacare markets in va in 2018 citing expected losses on indv plans this year'https://t.co/5ynzditf8r 
 congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike 
 the fake news media is officially out of control. they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this 
 allegations of unmasking trump transition officials. not good 
 susan rice the former national security advisor to president obama is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on 
 an honor to host president mahmoud abbas at the wh today. hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… https://t.co/eyhlfzbkhn 
 it was an honor to stop by a #schoolchoice event hosted by @vp pence and @usedgov secretary @betsydevosed at the… https://t.co/b8vxvsynha 
 trump/russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election. perhaps trump just ran a great campaign 
 fbi director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! the phony 
 congratulations to the winners of the commander-in-chief's trophy the great air force falcons! watch:… https://t.co/hyxxfcfauh 
 either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. our country needs a good "shutdown" in september to fix mess 
 the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need 60 votes in the senate which are not there! we 
 president andrew jackson who died 16 years before the civil war started saw it coming and was angry. would never have let it happen 
 #icymi- on saturday i signed two eo's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.eo1: https://t.co/xjggnjaipi eo2:… https://t.co/2ieten4svl 
 this month we celebrate the contributions of asian americans &amp; pacific islanders that enrich our nation. https://t.co/reji9ahoay 
 healthcare plan is on its way. will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions 
 you can't compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead. dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donors....new 
 the democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.they are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for u.s 
 big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania! fantastic crowd and people. make america great again 
 i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning at 10:00 a.m. have a great day 
 mainstream (fake) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp; great optimism 
 looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. big crowd big energy 
 @loudobbs just stated that "president trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  thank you lou 
 north korea disrespected the wishes of china &amp; its highly respected president when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. bad 
 i will be interviewed by @marthamaccallum on @foxnews tonight at 7pm. enjoy 
 we are making tremendous progress with the v. a. there has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. we love our vets 
 today i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the @deptvetaffairs:… https://t.co/uq6vncyhlj 
 presidential memorandum for the @commercegov @secretaryross re: aluminum imports and threats to national security:… https://t.co/gnkovz9gto 
 @flotus melania and i were honored to welcome argentina president @mauriciomacri and first lady juliana awada to t… https://t.co/gr3epznu1h 
 as families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks - democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. terrible 
 democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders 
 democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. it is time to put #americafirst🇺🇸 
 what's more important? rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? ask the democrats 
 i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. democrats want to shut down the government. politics 
 i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare 
 the democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure. no 
 subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate nafta. relationships are good-deal very possible 
 i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate. i agreed 
 democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #obamacare and puerto rico with your tax dollars. sad 
 a great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the national teacher of the year as well as the teacher of the year fro… https://t.co/pugl7rdovx 
 today i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education. eo:… https://t.co/yyaffqncbc 
 today i signed an executive order @ the u.s. dept. of @interior: 'review of designations under the antiquities act… https://t.co/eq6jdzmqty 
 happy birthday to our @flotus melania! https://t.co/ryyp51mxdq https://t.co/np7kyhglsv 
 the u.s. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). gdp up only 1.6%. trade deficits hurt the economy very badly 
 the ninth circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). they used to call this "judge shopping!" messy system 
 out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in  
 first the ninth circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. see you in the supreme court 
 'presidential executive order on promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in america'executive order:… https://t.co/lvmjz9ax0u 
 remarks at the united states holocaust memorial museum's national days of remembrance. full remarks:… https://t.co/bjbi6ztgo7 
 don't let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall. it will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc 
 canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult. we will not stand for this. watch 
 proud of @ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues. looking forward to hearing her speak at the w20! https://t.co/e6uajrm8zp 
 today i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation: https://t.co/762sqgdlmv #icymi- my statement last night at… https://t.co/vrqqfdi8en 
 if our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. obamacare is in a death spiral 
 join me in congratulating @nasa's @astropeggy by using the hashtag #congratspeggy! earlier today:… https://t.co/audjgxxit4 
 the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be!#buildthewall 
 #congratspeggy! https://t.co/e1q36nkt8g 
 the wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! if 
 the two fake news polls released yesterday abc &amp; nbc while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in general e. watch 
 popular vote. abc news/washington post poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp; 53% said strong leader 
 new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative. would still beat hillary in  
 eventually but at a later date so we can get started early mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall 
 the democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms 13 gang members 
 obamacare is in serious trouble. the dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought 
 thank you lake worth florida. @foxandfriends 
 very interesting election currently taking place in france 
 i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. jobs matter 
 today on earth day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation 
 big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday 
 next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania. look forward to it 
 getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania. looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans 
 after 5 sb victories since 2002 it was my honor to give bob kraft coach belichick and the players their first to… https://t.co/uzpkjqogzy 
 'presidential executive order on identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens' executive order:… https://t.co/dpe6hdzlat 
 welcome home aya!#godblesstheusa🇺🇸 https://t.co/cr4i8dvunc 
 china is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the north korean problem they will 
 no matter how much i accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp; it has been a lot (including s.c.) media will kill 
 another terrorist attack in paris. the people of france will not take much more of this. will have a big effect on presidential election 
 a great honor to host pm paolo gentiloni of italy at the white house this afternoon! #icymi- joint press conference… https://t.co/ljavezjv1f 
 we're going to use american steel we're going to use american labor we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… https://t.co/qyjwx9k4yy 
 failing @nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to w.h 
 a great honor to host the @superbowl champion new england @patriots at the white house today. congratulations!… https://t.co/tq5xepaixn 
 today i signed the veterans (our heroes) choice program extension &amp; improvement act @ the @whitehouse. #s544 watch… https://t.co/0smv4sprmf 
 #buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸 https://t.co/jpexqtvr1e 
 dems failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia. great job karen handel! it is now hollywood vs. georgia on june 20th 
 despite major outside money fake media support and eleven republican candidates big "r" win with runoff in georgia. glad to be of help 
 #buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸watch➡️https://t.co/auqycrgeyn https://t.co/rf9aivvb7g 
 just learned that jon @ossoff who is running for congress in georgia doesn't even live in the district. republicans get out and vote 
 republicans must get out today and vote in georgia 6. force runoff and easy win! dem ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp; 2nd a 
 democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress. very weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. say no 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 a.m. enjoy 
 the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin. allowed bad ms 13 gangs to form in cities across u.s. we are removing them fast 
 with eleven republican candidates running in georgia (on tuesday) for congress a runoff will be a win. vote "r" for lower taxes &amp; safety 
 see you tomorrow wisconsin!'trump spurs small-business optimism in milwaukee area'https://t.co/juxho3oqjo 
 trump approval hits 50%https://t.co/vjzkgtyqb9 
 the super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes 
 the fake media (not real media) has gotten even worse since the election. every story is badly slanted. we have to hold them to the truth 
 a great book for your reading enjoyment: "reasons to vote for democrats" by michael j. knowles 
 "the first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" so true. @foxandfriends 
 the recent kansas election (congress) was a really big media event until the republicans won. now they play the same game with georgia-bad 
 our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. frankly we have no choice 
 someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. the election is over 
 i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republican-easily won the electoral college! now tax returns are brought up again 
 happy easter to everyone 
 why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem? we will see what happens 
 weekly address- https://t.co/tpz7eqjluh https://t.co/b2nqzj53ft 
 it was a great honor to welcome atlanta's heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon! https://t.co/ztc14aj0xs 
 things will work out fine between the u.s.a. and russia. at the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace 
 i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea. if they are unable to do so the u.s. with its allies will! u.s.a 
 jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. we are truly making america great again 
 one by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. big changes are happening 
 economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers. #americafirst 
 great meeting w/ nato sec. gen. we agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… https://t.co/g9tdjwezmh 
 great win in kansas last night for ron estes easily winning the congressional race against the dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory 
 had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea 
 i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at 6:00 a.m. @foxbusiness. enjoy 
 great strategic &amp; policy ceo forum today with my cabinet secretaries and top ceo's from around the united states.… https://t.co/pmgil08opp 
 ron estes is running today for congress in the great state of kansas. a wonderful guy i need his help on healthcare &amp; tax cuts (reform) 
 north korea is looking for trouble. if china decides to help that would be great. if not we will solve the problem without them!  u.s.a 
 i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the u.s. will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem 
 happy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america israel and around the world. #chagsameach 
 congratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court. a great day for americ… https://t.co/rm9lftaeps 
 thank you @usnavy! #usa https://t.co/od7l8vpgjq 
 confidence that president al sisi will handle situation properly 
 so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt. u.s. strongly condemns. i have great 
 judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11:00 a.m. he will be a great justice. very proud of him 
 the reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top) 
 congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states and the world so well in the syria attack 
 goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade 
 it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states. tremendous 
 it was an honor to host our american heroes from the @wwp #soldierridedc at the @whitehouse today with @flotus @vp… https://t.co/u5ai1pupvv 
 jobs jobs jobs!https://t.co/xgoqphywrt https://t.co/b5qbn6llze 
 i am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening america's long-standing support for… https://t.co/gxror3alce 
 great to talk jobs with #nabtu2017. tremendous spirit &amp; optimism - we will deliver! https://t.co/6lruqzzhrc 
 thank you sean mcgarvey &amp; the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #nabtu2017… https://t.co/djlzvlq6tj 
 @whitehouse #ceotownhall➡️https://t.co/adskuuxf1b https://t.co/xhfq6zmf2h 
 it was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the @whitehouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… https://t.co/9mragvcphz 
 looking forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project (@wwp) soldier ride to the @whitehouse on th… https://t.co/qlc0qfd94x 
 getting ready to meet president al-sisi of egypt. on behalf of the united states i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship 
 @foxnews from multiple sources: "there was electronic surveillance of trump and people close to trump. this is unprecedented." @fbi 
 did hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? just asking 
 was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted? did hillary know 
 such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "spied on before nomination." the real story 
 melania and i are honored to light up the @whitehouse this evening for #worldautismawarenessday. join us &amp; #liub.… https://t.co/tr3hqqywvv 
 the real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking! find the leakers 
 talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck 
 anybody (especially  fake news media) who thinks that repeal &amp; replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party 
 thank you @jclayfield -- will get even better as my administration continues to put #americafirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/aqqzmt10x7 
 not associated with russia. trump team spied on before he was nominated." if this is true does not get much bigger. would be sad for u.s 
 wow @foxnews just reporting big news. source: "official behind unmasking is high up. known intel official is responsible. some unmasked 
 use subsidies to buy health plans." in other words ocare is dead. good things will happen however either with republicans or dems 
 the failing @nytimes finally gets it - "in places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for obamacare customers to 
 it is the same fake news media that said there is "no path to victory for trump" that is now pushing the phony russia story. a total scam 
 when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and @nbcnews start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story 
 we are going to defend our industry &amp; create a level playing field for the american worker. it is time to put… https://t.co/dzpkjmghj1 
 'trump celebrates american manufacturing survey showing highest level of optimism in 20 years' ➡️… https://t.co/cvwxoa1mjy 
 it is an exciting time for our country!#weeklyaddress #confirmgorsuch https://t.co/tp4bkvtobq 
 #confirmgorsuch #scotus https://t.co/wkqhymcya3 
 great meeting with a wonderful woman today former secretary of state condoleezza rice! #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/zuriic3ywg 
 it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of denmark lars løkke rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @whitehouse yes… https://t.co/n1g0tivnsp 
 mike flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp; dems of historic proportion 
 only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸… https://t.co/cxhgyaxiek 
 and job losses. american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives 
 the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits 
 where are @repmarkmeadows @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador?#repealandreplace #obamacare 
 if @repmarkmeadows @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform 
 if @repmarkmeadows @jim_jordan and raul_labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp; reform 
 great op-ed from @repkenbuck. looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end #obamacare. https://t.co/y2vtnibtbz 
 the failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. gotten me wrong for two solid years. change libel laws? https://t.co/qiqlgvylli 
 the freedom caucus will hurt the entire republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp; fast. we must fight them &amp; dems in 2018 
 today we honored our true american heroes on the first-ever national vietnam war veterans day.#thankaveteran… https://t.co/deohapcv4j 
 @flotus melania and i were honored to stop by the women's empowerment  panel this afternoon at the @whitehouse.… https://t.co/phlpw8lgtu 
 today's eo established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. watch listening session➡️… https://t.co/oof2ediqst 
 if the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media 
 remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. now worse 
 why doesn't fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by @foxnews or money from russia to clinton - sale of  uranium 
 a new era in american energy! #madeintheusa🇺🇸watch here: https://t.co/eg02fdlkba https://t.co/xt12jqoiqj 
 it was an honor to welcome @glfop to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence &amp; attorney general sessions. thank you fo… https://t.co/vhztb4c69h 
 the failing @nytimes would do much better if they were honest! https://t.co/aty8r3kns2 
 watch @foxandfriends now on podesta and russia 
 big announcement by ford today. major investment to be made in three michigan plants. car companies coming back to u.s.  jobs! jobs! jobs 
 the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds - not long. do not worry we are in very  good shape 
 the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. after so many bad years they were ready for a win 
 money to bill the hillary russian "reset" praise of russia by hillary or podesta russian company. trump russia story is a hoax. #maga 
 why isn't the house intelligence committee looking into the bill &amp; hillary deal that allowed big uranium to go to russia russian speech 
 general kelly is doing a great job at the border. numbers are way down. many are not even trying to come in anymore 
 democrats are smiling in d.c. that the freedom caucus with the help of club for growth and heritage have saved planned parenthood &amp; ocare 
 thanks you for all of the trump rallies today. amazing support. we will all make america great again 
 watch @judgejeanine on @foxnews tonight at 9:00 p.m 
 obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people. do not worry 
 happy #medalofhonorday to our heroes! ➡️https://t.co/juab1rmmh0 https://t.co/sw5ea1owuf 
 today i was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 billion &amp; 20k american jobs over the next 4 years. thank you… https://t.co/nwj1hnmzor 
 today i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #keystonepipeline. a grea… https://t.co/gwno2xaueg 
 the irony is that the freedom caucus which is very pro-life and against planned parenthood allows p.p. to continue if they stop this plan 
 after seven horrible years of obamacare (skyrocketing premiums &amp; deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan 
 it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @whitehouse today! https://t.co/m1veoovbne 
 we are taking action to #repealandreplace #obamacare! contact your rep &amp; tell them you support #ahca. #passthebill… https://t.co/5lsrdjxfzb 
 a great american kurt cochran was killed in the london terror attack. my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends 
 just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc. such dishonesty 
 spoke to u.k. prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london. she is strong and doing very well 
 big day for healthcare. working hard 
 today on #nationalagday we honor our great american farmers &amp; ranchers. their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrained… https://t.co/ipgrhly2zj 
 honored to sign s.442 today. with this legislation we support @nasa's scientists engineers and astronauts in the… https://t.co/z5vwluvjqx 
 joined the @housegop conference this morning at the u.s. capitol. https://t.co/03e4ybiwr0 #passthebill #maga🇺🇸… https://t.co/3swdfwgqtp 
 thank you louisville kentucky. together we will make america safe and great again! https://t.co/qggwewuvek 
 thank you louisville kentucky- on my way! #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/3qsbsib6kt 
 congratulations eric &amp; lara. very proud and happy for the two of you! https://t.co/s0t3ctqc40 
 what about all of the contact with the clinton campaign and the russians? also is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look 
 just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster. much higher ratings at fox 
 the real story that congress the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information. must find leaker now 
 the democrats made up and pushed the russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. big advantage in electoral college &amp; lost 
 james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia. this story is fake news and everyone knows it 
 #icymi: weekly address ➡️https://t.co/ckvx2zga1x https://t.co/dtgzlvlsgv 
 vast sums of money to nato &amp; the united states must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to germany 
 despite what you have heard from the fake news i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel. nevertheless germany owes 
 great meeting with the @republicanstudy committee this morning at the @whitehouse! https://t.co/8y2uohoyay 
 "the president changed. so has small businesses' confidence"https://t.co/datgjpmyej 
 north korea is behaving very badly. they have been "playing" the united states for years. china has done little to help 
 happy lá fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends 
 my representatives had a great meeting w/ the hispanic chamber of commerce at the wh today. look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs 
 great progress on healthcare. improvements being made - republicans coming together 
 an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland @endakennytd to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 https://t.co/j3itl2isiq 
 a budget that puts #americafirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: https://t.co/9lxx1iqo7m 
 thank you nashville tennessee! https://t.co/6snvq0dzxn 
 in nashville tennessee! lets make america great again! https://t.co/m5ur4vv6uh 
 thank you andrew jackson! #potus7 #usa🇺🇸 https://t.co/gtowswxinv 
 i will be interviewed by @tuckercarlson tonight at 9:00 p.m. on @foxnews. enjoy 
 ceo's most optimistic since 2009. it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut 
 looking forward to a big rally in nashville tennessee tonight. big crowd of great people expected. will be fun 
 will be going to detroit michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to state &amp; u.s. already happening 
 can you imagine what the outcry would be if @snoopdogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at president obama? jail time 
 does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @nbcnews  fake news 
 great optimism in america – and the results will be even better! https://t.co/sybl47cszn 
 jobs jobs jobs! https://t.co/wakqmkdpxa 
 meeting w/ washington d.c. @mayorbowser and metro gm paul wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… https://t.co/mg0a4hq3bd 
 proud to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. unfortunately 4 seats were empty because s… https://t.co/bmyph832hf 
 healthcare listening session w/ @vp &amp; @secpricemd. watch: https://t.co/5ayq4dr8ip #readthebill:… https://t.co/1cqi0zbuv8 
 obamacare is imploding. it is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! republicans will come together and save the day 
 it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. be nice you will do much better 
 we are making great progress with healthcare. obamacare is imploding and will only get worse. republicans coming together to get job done 
 weekly address - 11:00 a.m. at the @whitehouse! #maga🇺🇸➡️https://t.co/ysapjnsx2i https://t.co/gb8itgzb6j 
 honored to meet this years @senateyouth delegates w/ @vp pence in the east room of the @whitehouse. congratulations… https://t.co/oqix7lybcv 
 'u.s. consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade' ➡️https://t.co/s8nzgmemmv https://t.co/xc0pira6ep 
 despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture 
 great news. we are only just beginning. together we are going to #maga! https://t.co/bsp685q9qf https://t.co/k7yebzsf6r 
 met with @repcummings today at the @whitehouse. great discussion 
 linkedin workforce report: january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september 2015 
 on international women's day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in america &amp; around the world 
 i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy 
 i feel sure that my friend @randpaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster 
 don't let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin. we are getting along great and getting major things done 
 i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry. pricing for the american people will come way down 
 don't worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 &amp; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends 
 for eight years russia "ran over" president obama got stronger and stronger picked-off crimea and added missiles. weak! @foxandfriends 
 our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation. obamacare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast 
 122 vicious prisoners released by the obama administration from gitmo have returned to the battlefield. just another terrible decision 
 thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the usa 
 buy american &amp; hire american are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: jobs jobs jobs! thank you @exxonmobil 
 there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the jobs! https://t.co/bnslvkievj 
 45000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the u.s. gulf coast region. $20 billion investment. we are already winning again america 
 buy american &amp; hire american are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: jobs jobs jobs! thank you @exxonmobil 
 'president trump congratulates exxon mobil for job-creating investment program'https://t.co/adbzwhtq8s 
 thank you for the great rallies all across the country. tremendous support. make america great again 
 who was it that secretly said to russian president "tell vladimir that after the election i'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends 
 is it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? can that be possible 
 arnold schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me. sad end to great show 
 how low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. this is nixon/watergate. bad (or sick) guy 
 i'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october just prior to election 
 is it legal for a sitting president to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? turned down by court earlier. a new low 
 just out: the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house 22 times and 4 times last year alone 
 terrible! just found out that obama had my "wires tapped" in trump tower just before the victory. nothing found. this is mccarthyism 
 the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for 100 ambs 
 make america great again! https://t.co/kuqizdz4ra 
 i hereby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. https://t.co/qcdljff3wn 
 i hearby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. https://t.co/qcdljff3wn 
 we must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again. wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando. https://t.co/otjahcvlzf 
 i hear by demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. https://t.co/qcdljff3wn 
 we should start an immediate investigation into @senschumer and his ties to russia and putin. a total hypocrite! https://t.co/ik3yqjhzsa 
 weekly addressjoin me here: https://t.co/seavqk5zy5 https://t.co/enyxyeqgcp 
 it is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet 
 nick adams new book green card warrior is a must read. the merit-based system is the way to go. canada australia! @foxandfriends 
 is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. it is a total "witch hunt!" 
 to win. the democrats are overplaying their hand. they lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. the real story 
 intentional. this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed 
 jeff sessions is an honest man. he did not say anything wrong. he could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not 
 since november 8th election day the stock market has posted $3.2 trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. jobs 
 thank you 
 #jointsession #maga🇺🇸https://t.co/rdo6jt2pip 
 join me live at 9:00 p.m. #jointaddress https://t.co/j882zbyvkj https://t.co/gttk3vjmku 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 a.m. enjoy 
 gop now viewed more favorably than dems in trump era (per nbc/wsj poll) via @hotlinejosh:https://t.co/soebxtg2zd 
 great meeting with ceos of leading u.s. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo… https://t.co/60jigi6ffs 
 big dinner with governors tonight at white house. much to be discussed including healthcare 
 russia talk is fake news put out by the dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks 
 for first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. try reporting accurately &amp; fairly 
 the race for dnc chairman was of course totally "rigged." bernie's guy like bernie himself never had a chance. clinton demanded perez 
 congratulations to thomas perez who has just been named chairman of the dnc. i could not be happier for him or for the republican party 
 i will not be attending the white house correspondents' association dinner this year. please wish everyone well and have a great evening 
 weekly address from @whitehouse: https://t.co/uaoqshboqb https://t.co/7ef6ac6kec 
 great optimism for future of u.s. business and jobs with the dow having an 11th straight record close. big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming 
 the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in obama first mo 
 maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally. it would be the biggest of them all 
 fake news media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. a great danger to our country. the failing @nytimes has become a joke. likewise @cnn. sad 
 trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking https://t.co/odlz2ndrta 
 going to cpac 
 find the leakers within the fbi itself. classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on u.s. find now 
 the fbi is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. they can't even 
 big interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington. looking forward to it 
 seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago. what is going on there - totally out of control. chicago needs help 
 's&amp;p 500 edges higher after trump renews jobs pledge' https://t.co/wtrrjvfmvu 
 very much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culture...a great job done by amazing people 
 one thing i will say about rep. keith ellison in his fight to lead the dnc is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win 
 the so-called angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. sad 
 'americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' https://t.co/s5qvsjwa6u 
 congratulations to our new national security advisor general h.r. mcmaster. video: https://t.co/bkn9r225kk https://t.co/vbxcj1b6pv 
 just named general h.r. mcmaster national security advisor 
 meeting with generals at mar-a-lago in florida. very interesting 
 happy presidents day - make america great again 
 give the public a break - the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully. not 
 my statement as to what's happening in sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @foxnews concerning immigrants &amp; sweden 
 getting ready to leave for melbourne florida. see you all soon 
 will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house. big 5:00 p.m. speech in melbourne florida. a lot to talk about 
 don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.the white house is running very well. i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it 
 looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow. big crowd expected 
 "one of the most effective press conferences i've ever seen!" says rush limbaugh. many agree.yet fake media  calls it differently! dishonest 
 the fake news media (failing @nytimes @nbcnews @abc @cbs @cnn) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people 
 the fake news media (failing @nytimes @cnn @nbcnews and many more)    is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people. sick 
 join me at 11:00am:watch here: https://t.co/veqkmsgawf https://t.co/uzndijiqjm 
 general keith kellogg who i have known for a long time is very much in play for nsa - as are three others 
 thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday. rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever. fake media not happy 
 going to charleston south carolina in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs! look forward to it 
 despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr. tom price the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast 
 'trump signs bill undoing obama coal mining rule' https://t.co/ymft5r5rgh 
 the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - russia. fake news 
 fake news media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited democrats - but they are fading fast 
 the spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! they will be caught 
 leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in washington for years. failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize 
 stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout 
 venezuela should allow leopoldo lopez a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… https://t.co/hhge51dtsn 
 aetna ceo: obamacare in 'death spiral' #repealandreplace https://t.co/dmhl7xieqv 
 join me in florida this saturday at 5pm for a rally at the orlando-melbourne international airport!tickets:… https://t.co/oigfxfecpp 
 welcome to the united states @israelipm benjamin &amp; sara!#icymi🇺🇸🇮🇱joint press conference: https://t.co/gn6alwuusn https://t.co/bh60nbl5fp 
 great listening session with ceo's of the retail industry leaders association this morning! https://t.co/sy6xjcwfcf 
 the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. very un-american 
 crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration. was obama too soft on russia 
 thank you to eli lake of the bloomberg view - "the nsa &amp; fbi...should not interfere in our politics...and is" very serious situation for usa 
 information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (nsa and fbi?).just like russia 
 this russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing campaign 
 the fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @msnbc &amp; @cnn are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great 
 obamacare continues to fail. humana to pull out in 2018. will repeal replace &amp; save healthcare for all americans. https://t.co/glweq0lnr4 
 'remarks by president trump at signing of h.j. resolution 41'https://t.co/q3mocgac54 https://t.co/ygddtkm9br 
 great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @vp pence &amp; @usedgov secretary @betsydevos. watch:… https://t.co/nults513ot 
 the real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington? will these leaks be happening as i deal on n.korea etc 
 congratulations to our new #vasecretary dr. david shulkin. time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect… https://t.co/fnewjbhuw4 
 congratulations treasury secretary steven mnuchin! #icymi- watch here: https://t.co/rpsmw4yd7y https://t.co/k8twllxiyk 
 wonderful meeting with canadian pm @justintrudeau and a group of leading ceo's &amp; business women from canada🇨🇦and th… https://t.co/waocoayez6 
 welcome to the @whitehouse prime minister @justintrudeau! https://t.co/wkgf8zo9ri 
 today i will meet with canadian pm trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. https://t.co/bfahprxhdp 
 just leaving florida. big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention. very dishonest 
 congratulations stephen miller- on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows. great job 
 i know mark cuban well. he backed me big-time but i wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.he's not smart enough to run for president 
 after two days of very productive talks prime minister abe is heading back to japan. l 
 while on fake news @cnn bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. they said technical difficulties 
 72% of refugees admitted into u.s. (2/3 -2/11) during court breakdown are from 7 countries: syria iraq somalia iran sudan libya &amp; yemen 
 the crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. gang members drug dealers &amp; others are being removed 
 #icymi: joint statement with prime minister shinzo abe on north korea. https://t.co/qec87fkb1d 
 a working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan and his representatives at the winter white house (mar-a-lago). very good talks 
 played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig_easy ernie els and had a great time. japan is very well represented 
 playef golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig_easy ernie els and had a great time. japan is very well represented 
 i am so proud of my daughter ivanka. to be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful 
 having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states! https://t.co/fvjsac89qs… https://t.co/hkqbmb2aq9 
 melania and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs. abe at mar-a-lago in palm beach fla. they are a wonderful couple 
 design or negotiations yet. when i do just like with the f-35 fighterjet or the air force one program price will come way down 
 i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought but i have not gotten involved in the 
 our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into u.s. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (wt)  so dangerous 
 heading to joint base andrews on #marineone with prime minister shinzō earlier today. https://t.co/4jfhyydeho 
 the failing @nytimes does major fake news china story saying "mr.xi has not spoken to mr. trump since nov.14." we spoke at length yesterday 
 lawfare: "remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." a disgraceful decision 
 see you in court the security of our nation is at stake 
 join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general @senatorsessions!live:… https://t.co/qew6vjog4a 
 ryan died on a winning mission ( according to general mattis) not a "failure." time for the u.s. to get smart and start winning again 
 long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. our hero 
 sen. mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. only emboldens the enemy! he's been losing so 
 chris cuomo in his interview with sen. blumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in vietnam. fake news 
 sen.richard blumenthal who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie)now misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him 
 congratulations to our new attorney general @senatorsessions! https://t.co/e0bup1k83z 
 'trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'https://t.co/6lmsr5josw 
 'majority in leading eu nations support trump-style travel ban' poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries...https://t.co/kwsiwhtc9o 
 'immigration ban is one of trump's most popular orders so far' https://t.co/waelwuq4be 
 thank you brian krzanich ceo of @intel. a great investment ($7 billion) in american innovation and jobs!… https://t.co/oicfdspkhq 
 big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be easy d 
 '16 fake news stories reporters have run since trump won' https://t.co/0dhld5kivc 
 my daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @nordstrom. she is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! terrible 
 thank you to our great police chiefs &amp; sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. you have a true friend in the… https://t.co/lysnv8zr1h 
 i will be speaking at 9:00 a.m. today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision 
 if the u.s. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. politics 
 it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. obstruction by democrats 
 an honor having the national sheriffs' assoc. join me at the @whitehouse. incredible men &amp; women who protect &amp; serv… https://t.co/1lkhbcnh8l 
 i don't know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran #1 in terror no problem 
 i don't know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran #1in terror no problem 
 the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in europe and the middle-east. courts must act fast 
 the failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. now they are worse 
 an extended interview from the super bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! https://t.co/kzdhqantvr 
 the failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. they have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories &amp; sources 
 will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m 
 i call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it. some fake news media in order to marginalize lies 
 any negative polls are fake news just like the cnn abc nbc polls in the election. sorry people want border security and extreme vetting 
 what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots. tom brady bob kraft and coach b are total winners. wow 
 enjoy the #superbowl and then we continue: make america great again 
 i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 p.m. (prior to the #superbowl pre-game show) on fox network. enjoy 
 i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully. the courts are making the job very difficult 
 just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. if something happens blame him and court system. people pouring in. bad 
 the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. bad people are very happy 
 interview with @oreillyfactor on fox network - 4:00 p.m. (prior to super bowl). enjoy 
 why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision 
 because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. a terrible decision 
 what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into u.s. 
 make america great again 
 after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the fake news @nytimes is still lost 
 the opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned 
 interesting that certain middle-eastern countries agree with the ban. they know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction 
 when a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot  come in &amp; out especially for reasons of safety &amp;.security - big trouble 
 countries charge u.s. companies taxes or tariffs while the u.s. charges them nothing or little.we should charge them same as they charge us 
 we must keep "evil" out of our country 
 a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris. tourists were locked down. france on edge again. get smart u.s 
 professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again 
 meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. good jobs are coming back to u.s. health care and tax bills are being crafted now 
 thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about. very nice 
 iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" president obama was to them. not me 
 yes arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprentice...but at least he tried hard 
 thank you @samsung! we would love to have you! https://t.co/r5nxc9ooa4 
 iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the u.s. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the iran deal: $150 billion 
 iran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missile.should have been thankful for the terrible deal the u.s. made with them 
 attending chief ryan owens' dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor. to a great and brave man - thank you 
 congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state. he will be a star 
 if u.c. berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds 
 do you believe it? the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia. why? i will study this dumb deal 
 iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the u.s. has squandered three trillion dollars there. obvious long ago 
 everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban. call it what you want it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country 
 hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court. he is a good and brilliant man respected by all 
 join me live from the @whitehouse.https://t.co/lhos4naagl 
 getting ready to deliver a very important decision!  8:00 p.m 
 when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet! they should be ashamed of themselves! no wonder d.c. doesn't work 
 nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally  at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like dem party 
 the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. they have nothing going but to obstruct. now have an obama a.g 
 the american dream is back. we’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma… https://t.co/bh7srnegz1 
 where was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country 
 i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court. it will be announced live on tuesday at 8:00 p.m. (w.h.) 
 if the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. a lot of bad "dudes" out there 
 there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. this was a big part of my campaign. study the world 
 protesters and the tears of senator schumer. secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. make america safe again 
 only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage 
 i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at 11pm. enjoy 
 statement regarding recent executive order concerning extreme vetting: https://t.co/f6jo60i0ul 
 senators should focus their energies on isis illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii 
 the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain &amp; lindsey graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. the two 
 christians in the middle-east have been executed in large numbers. we cannot allow this horror to continue 
 our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting now. look what is happening all over europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess 
 somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity 
 i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at 11pm. enjoy 
 today we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger 31 years later. #neverforget https://t.co/ohshqsfrfl 
 dwindling subscribers and readers.they got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. dishonest 
 thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its 
 the failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. said i would lose the primaries then the general election. fake news 
 i promise that our administration will always have your back. we will always be with you! https://t.co/d0aowhoh4x 
 congratulations secretary mattis! https://t.co/mkuhbegzqs 
 statement on international holocaust remembrance day: https://t.co/kju0moxchk 
 @vp mike pence will be speaking at today's #marchforlife -- you have our full support! https://t.co/1jb53segv4 
 the #marchforlife is so important. to all of you marching --- you have my full support 
 mexico has taken advantage of the u.s. for long enough. massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change now 
 look forward to seeing final results of votestand. gregg phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. we must do better 
 miami-dade mayor drops sanctuary policy. right decision. strong! https://t.co/mtpvadc4jm 
 will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10:00pm tonight. enjoy 
 spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia pa. this afternoon w/ @vp @senatemajldr @speakerryan. th… https://t.co/alsadgrwoe 
 spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia pa. this afternoon w/ @vp @senmajleader @speakerryan. th… https://t.co/s4stbsybsr 
 of jobs and companies lost. if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting 
 the u.s. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with mexico. it has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbers 
 ungrateful traitor chelsea manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling president obama a weak leader. terrible 
 interview with david muir of @abc news in 10 minutes. enjoy 
 as your president i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people. https://t.co/o7ynunwb8f 
 beginning today the united states of america gets back control of its borders. full speech from today @dhsgov:… https://t.co/8adahsahg9 
 i will be interviewed by @davidmuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @abc. will be my first interview from the white house.… https://t.co/4zuorrdcoc 
 i will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next week.thank you 
 even those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures 
 i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and 
 big day planned on national security tomorrow. among many other things we will build the wall 
 if chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) i will send in the feds 
 congratulations to @foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings. they were many times higher than fake news @cnn - public is smart 
 great meeting with ford ceo mark fields and general motors ceo mary barra at the @whitehouse today. https://t.co/t0eigo6lp8 
 signing orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off… https://t.co/aoxmfo0vok 
 great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @whitehouse this morning. together we will #maga! https://t.co/oxdilokgsz 
 a photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. thank you abbas! https://t.co/uzp0ivvrp0 
 will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america. i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here 
 busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. top executives coming in at 9:00 a.m. to talk manufacturing in america 
 peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. even if i don't always agree i recognize the rights of people to express their views 
 wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago 
 watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! why didn't these people vote? celebs hurt cause badly 
 had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to wall long standing ovations amazing people. win 
 a fantastic day and evening in washington d.c.thank you to @foxnews and so many other news outlets for the great reviews of the speech 
 thank you for another wonderful evening in washington d.c. together we will make america great again🇺🇸 https://t.co/v3aoj9ruh4 
 to all americans🇺🇸https://t.co/d7es6ie4fy 
 so to all americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain...https://t.co/czkkrgxlsi 
 it is time to remember that...https://t.co/zkyoioor62 
 we will follow two simple rules: buy american &amp; hire american!#inaugurationday #maga🇺🇸 
 we will bring back our jobs. we will bring back our borders. we will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams 
 the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. from this moment on it’s going to be #americafirst🇺🇸 
 january 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again 
 what truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people 
 power from washington d.c. and giving it back to you the american people. #inaugurationday 
 today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring 
 it all begins today! i will see you at 11:00 a.m. for the swearing-in. the movement continues - the work begins 
 thank you for a wonderful evening in washington d.c. #inauguration https://t.co/a6xpfqthj5 
 thank you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight- a very special evening! together we are going to make am… https://t.co/osxa3bamhs 
 join me at 4pm over at the lincoln memorial with my family!#inauguration2017 https://t.co/gqeqpjogwz 
 great concert at 4:00 p.m. today at lincoln memorial. enjoy 
 on my way! #inauguration2017 https://t.co/houmbxgnpe 
 the american people. i have no doubt that we will together make america great again 
 getting ready to leave for washington d.c. the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for 
 "it wasn't donald trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time!" stated today by reverend franklin graham 
 thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service. it was an honor to be with them tonight in d.c.… https://t.co/qj5cpfaykd 
 great seeing @theleegreenwood  and kimberly at this evenings vp dinner! #godblesstheusa https://t.co/sxvmawvoft 
 looking forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush both hospitalized. thank you for your wonderful letter 
 writing my inaugural address at the winter white house mar-a-lago three weeks ago. looking forward to friday.… https://t.co/j0ojoxjrga 
 @thealabamaband was great last night in d.c. playing for 147 diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world. thanks alabama 
 no wonder the today show on biased @nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. little credibility 
 "bayer ag has pledged to add u.s. jobs and investments after meeting with president-elect donald trump the latest in a string..." @wsj 
 to the u.s. but had nothing to do with trump is more fake news. ask top ceo's of those companies for real facts. came back because of me 
 totally biased @nbcnews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from ford g.m. lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back 
 will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - enjoy 
 thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the u.s. 
 "how trump won--and how the media missed it" https://t.co/hfab41h65x 
 "thought it would be hypocritical to attend bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe bush is the true elected president." sound familiar! wp 
 john lewis said about my inauguration "it will be the first one that i've missed." wrong (or lie)! he boycotted bush 43 also because he 
 country and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more i believe the people are seeing "big stuff." 
 with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the u.s. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our 
 the same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. they are rigged just like before 
 people are pouring into washington in record numbers. bikers for trump are on their way. it will be a great thursday friday and saturday 
 at 9:00 p.m. @cnn of all places is doing a special report on my daughter ivanka. considering it is cnn can't imagine it will be great 
 celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. honor him for being the great man that he was 
 much worse - just look at syria (red line) crimea ukraine and the build-up of russian nukes. not good! was this the leaker of fake news 
 @foxnews "outgoing cia chief john brennan blasts pres-elect trump on russia threat. does not fully understand." oh really couldn't do 
 @nbcnews is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc. not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. really bad television 
 about that...those intelligence chiefs made a mistake here &amp; when people make mistakes they should apologize." media should also apologize 
 thank you to bob woodward who said "that is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...trump's right to be upset (angry) 
 for many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. it will change 
 will only get higher. car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. win 
 the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me. with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation that number 
 inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. january 20th washington d.c. have fun 
 congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the u.s. i can use all the help i can get 
 intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is "a complete fraud!"  @oann 
 mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. all talk talk talk - no action or results. sad 
 congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to 
 a beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero detective steven mcdonald. our law enforcement community has my complete and total support 
 the "unaffordable" care act will soon be history 
 have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. they were very nice to her. she lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm 
 what are hillary clinton's people complaining about with respect to the f.b.i. based on the information they had she should never 
 released by "intelligence" even knowing there is no proof and never will be. my people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days 
 totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both democrats and republicans - fake news! russia says nothing exists. probably 
 it now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued 
 all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine 
 congrats to the senate for taking the first step to #repealobamacare- now it's onto the house 
 @cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone 
 thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean for your great support and courage. people will support you even more now. buy l.l.bean. @lbperfectmaine 
 james clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. made up phony facts.too bad 
 we had a great news conference at trump tower today. a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on 
 intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. one last shot at me.are we living in nazi germany 
 i win an election easily a great "movement" is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news. a sorry state 
 russia has never tried to use leverage over me. i have nothing to do with russia - no deals no loans no nothing 
 russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "a complete and total fabrication utter nonsense." very unfair 
 'buzzfeed runs unverifiable trump-russia claims' #fakenews https://t.co/d6dacfzhnh 
 fake news - a total political witch hunt 
 'trump helps lift small business confidence to 12-yr. high'https://t.co/mhbabrehzt https://t.co/cwavj4frdx 
 'small business optimism soars after trump election' https://t.co/wjbatp824u 
 'u.s. small-business optimism index surges by most since 1980'https://t.co/x22x1bttdg 
 thank you to all of the men and women who protect &amp; serve our communities 24/7/365! #lawenforcementappreciationday… https://t.co/aqubdipsgv 
 an old picture with nancy and ronald reagan. https://t.co/8kvq1pzpaf 
 ford said last week that it will expand in michigan and u.s. instead of building a billion dollar plant in mexico. thank you ford &amp; fiat c 
 it's finally happening - fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest $1billion in michigan and ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. this after 
 "groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. just more very dishonest media 
 hillary flunky who lost big. for the 100th time i never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him 
 meryl streep one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the golden globes. she is a 
 rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer 
 dishonest media says mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. media is fake 
 before i or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to @nbcnews. so serious 
 kellyanne conway went to @meetthepress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. terrible 
 i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring. britain a longtime u.s. ally is very special 
 congratulation to jane timken on her major upset victory in becoming the ohio republican party chair. jane is a loyal trump supporter &amp; star 
 both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world 
 have enough problems around the world without yet another one. when i am president russia will respect us far more than they do now and 
 having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing. only "stupid" people or fools would think that it is bad! we 
 only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed 
 intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. voting machines not touched 
 gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take place.the republican national committee had strong defense 
 happy birthday @erictrump!https://t.co/bjaey7qfsn 
 monitoring the terrible situation in florida. just spoke to governor scott. thoughts and prayers for all. stay safe 
 i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it 
 anna wintour came to my office at trump tower to ask me to meet with the editors of conde nast &amp; steven newhouse a friend. will go this am 
 being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. now compare him to my season 1. but who cares he supported kasich &amp; hillary 
 wow the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine djt. so much for 
 hopefully all supporters and those who want to make america great again will go to d.c. on january 20th. it will be a great show 
 and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.they saw a movement like never before 
 hillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters. they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the 
 the dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by mexico later 
 so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? what is going on 
 the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia 
 how did nbc get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (obama) was presented?" who gave them this report and why? politics 
 toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja mexico to build corolla cars for u.s. no way! build plant in u.s. or pay big border tax 
 to make up their own minds as to the truth. the media lies to make it look like i am against "intelligence" when in fact i am a big fan 
 the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange - wrong. i simply state what he states it is for the people 
 time for republicans &amp; democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; far better 
 do the typical political thing and blame. the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginning."keep you doctor keep your plan!" it is 
 the democrats lead by head clown chuck schumer know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in. instead of working to fix it they 
 jackie evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance.some people just don't understand the "movement" 
 massive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess. it will fall of its own weight - be careful 
 like the 116% hike in arizona. also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. don't let the schumer clowns out of this web 
 republicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases 
 things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to h). a total double standard! media as usual gave them a pass 
 somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terrible 
 thank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the u.s. this is just the beginning - much more to follow 
 julian assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked podesta" - why was dnc so careless? also said russians did not give him the info 
 the "intelligence" briefing on so-called "russian hacking" was delayed until friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. very strange 
 i will be having a general news conference on january eleventh in n.y.c. thank you 
 "trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america" https://t.co/11sptma6tm 
 there should be no further releases from gitmo. these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield 
 instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation.https://t.co/sixrptsort 
 may be their number one act and priority. focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #dts 
 with all that congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog as unfair as it 
 the democrat governor.of minnesota said "the affordable care act (obamacare) is no longer affordable!" - and it is lousy healthcare 
 people must remember that obamacare just doesn't work and it is not affordable - 116% increases (arizona). bill clinton called it "crazy" 
 general motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to u.s. car dealers-tax free across border. make in u.s.a.or pay big border tax 
 china has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the u.s. in totally one-sided trade but won't help with north korea. nice 
 north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the u.s. it won't happen 
 i thought and felt i would win big easily over the fabled 270 (306). when they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did i 
 various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election. wrong it all came together in the last week and 
 @cnn just released a book called "unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me 
 chicago murder rate is record setting - 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. if mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help 
 well the new year begins. we will together make america great again 
 to all americans-#happynewyear &amp; many blessings to you all! looking forward to a wonderful &amp; prosperous 2017 as we… https://t.co/1asdmal4iy 
 happy birthday @donaldjtrumpjr!https://t.co/urxycd3hbz 
 happy new year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. love 
 russians are playing @cnn and @nbcnews for such fools - funny to watch they don't have a clue! @foxnews totally gets it 
 join @american32 founded by hall of fame legend @jimbrownnfl32 on 1/19/2017 in washington d.c.… https://t.co/9wjz8itcqv 
 great move on delay (by v. putin) - i always knew he was very smart 
 my administration will follow two simple rules: https://t.co/zwk0j4h8qy 
 'economists say trump delivered hope' https://t.co/sjgbggliuq 
 not anymore. the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal and now this (u.n.)! stay strong israel january 20th is fast approaching 
 we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. they used to have a great friend in the u.s. but 
 doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not 
 the u.s. consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to 113.7 the highest level in more than 15 years! thanks donald 
 president obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states and lost.the voters wanted to make america great again 
 the djt foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities 
 i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation raised or recieved millions more all of which is given to charity and media won't report 
 the world was gloomy before i won - there was no hope. now the market is up nearly 10% and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars 
 the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. so sad 
 president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. he should say that but i say no way! - jobs leaving isis ocare etc 
 merry christmas and a very very very  very happy new year to everyone 
 #merrychristmas https://t.co/5ggdmjrgms 
 @foxnews - "objectified" tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy 
 happy #hanukkah https://t.co/uvzwtykv1e 
 the big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.too bad but we will get it done anyway 
 @nbcnews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  dishonest 
 vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems: "in my opinion it is humiliating. one must be able to lose with dignity."  so true 
 slaughter you. this is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. such hatred! when will the u.s. and all countries fight back 
 the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime "by god's will we will slaughter you pigs i swear we will 
 as to the u.n. things will be different after jan. 20th 
 my presidency. isn't this a ridiculous shame? he loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. wrong answer 
 my wonderful son eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with 
 the so-called "a" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for hillary nothing. i want the people 
 based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f-35 i have asked boeing to price-out a comparable f-18 super hornet 
 the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes 
 someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "drain the swamp" was no longer being used by me. actually we will always be trying to dts 
 the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoed....cont: https://t.co/s8rxkkznf1 
 i met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today talking about airplane capability and pricing. very impressive people 
 i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss 
 i would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently 
 campaigning to win the electoral college is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. hillary focused on the wrong states 
 yes it is true - carlos slim the great businessman from mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. we met he is a great guy 
 especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). they focused on wrong states 
 bill clinton stated that i called him after the election. wrong he called me (with a very nice congratulations). he "doesn't know much"  
 we did it! thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media) 
 today there were terror attacks in turkey switzerland and germany - and it is only getting worse. the civilized world must change thinking 
 if my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names 
 we should tell china that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it 
 thank you alabama! from now on it’s going to be #americafirst. our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… https://t.co/4uaazd7tmf 
 china steals united states navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act 
 mobile alabama today at 3:00 p.m. last rally of the year - "thank you alabama and the south" biggest of all crowds expected see you there 
 last night in orlando florida was incredible - massive crowd - thank you florida! today at 3:00 p.m. i will be in alabama for last rally 
 thank you florida. my administration will follow two simple rules: buy american and hire american! #icymi- watch:… https://t.co/3vgtzsjsfu 
 #thankyoutour2016 tonight- orlando florida tickets: https://t.co/jwqeccp79ntomorrow- mobile alabamatickets:… https://t.co/cq5awcuzt9 
 well we all did it together! i hope the "movement" fans will go to d.c. on jan 20th for the swearing in. let's set the all time record 
 are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate 
 thank you pennsylvania! together we are going to make america great again! watch here: https://t.co/7r382qwfws… https://t.co/yb6u5fefhq 
 join me in mobile alabama on sat. at 3pm! #thankyoutour2016 tickets: https://t.co/gggbjl8zo6 https://t.co/opkrwo4k0c 
 if russia or some other entity was hacking why did the white house wait so long to act? why did they only complain after hillary lost 
 the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't 
 thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me "person of the year" - a great honor 
 has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @vanityfair magazine. way down big trouble dead! graydon carter no talent will be out 
 @billgates and @jimbrownnfl32 in my trump tower office yesterday- two great guys! https://t.co/4pjsoeu5y9 
 thank you wisconsin! my administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! watch:… https://t.co/iegwzluife 
 join me this saturday at ladd–peebles stadium in mobile alabama! #thankyoutour2016 tickets:… https://t.co/1rfmkcmgyw 
 the thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments 
 wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. i actually picked up additional votes 
 i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world rex tillerson chairman and ceo of exxonmobil to be secretary of state 
 i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. busy times 
 presidency. two of my children don and eric plus executives will manage them. no new deals will be done during my term(s) in office 
 even though i am not mandated by law to do so i will be leaving my busineses before january 20th so that i can focus full time on the 
 i will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning 
 the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. the dems and green party can now rest. scam 
 #thankyoutour2016 tue: west allis wi. thur: hershey pa. fri: orlando fl. sat: mobile al. tickets:… https://t.co/oj8s7ivzfx 
 the f-35 program and cost is out of control. billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after january 20th 
 unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. why wasn't this brought up before election 
 can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia/cia card. it would be called conspiracy theory 
 just watched @nbcnightlynews - so biased inaccurate and bad point after point. just can't get much worse although @cnn is right up there 
 will be interviewed on @foxnews at 10:00 p.m. enjoy 
 whether i choose him or not for "state"- rex tillerson the chairman &amp; ceo of exxonmobil is a world class player and dealmaker. stay tuned 
 i spent friday campaigning with john kennedy of the great state of louisiana for the u.s.senate. the election is over - john won 
 being at the army - navy game was fantastic. there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. a wonderful experience and congrats to army 
 i will be interviewed today on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10:00 (eastern) network. enjoy 
 october 2015 - thanks chris wallace @foxnewssunday! https://t.co/vesgpcwq7z 
 a very interesting read. unfortunately so much is true.https://t.co/er2bom765m 
 reports by @cnn that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - fake news 
 as a show of support for our armed forces i will be going to the army-navy game today. looking forward to it should be fun 
 i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for fact that i conceived it with mark b &amp; have a big stake in it. will devote zero time 
 @rudygiuliani one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of n.y.c. just took himself out of consideration for "state" 
 thank you michigan. we are going to bring back your jobs &amp; together we will make america great again!watch:… https://t.co/eyloo26fqw 
 thank you louisiana! get out &amp; vote for john kennedy tomorrow. electing kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… https://t.co/shxeyreezi 
 join me live in louisiana! tomorrow we need you to go to the polls &amp; send john kennedy to the u.s. senate. https://t.co/o0jtz0bkel 
 thank you iowa!#thankyoutour2016 https://t.co/v6eb2oqmeo 
 join me tomorrow! #maga 10am- baton rouge la. tickets: https://t.co/rviq6yq45p7pm- grand rapids mi.tickets: https://t.co/2utwag5v87 
 on my way to des moines iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. join us! tickets: https://t.co/1iurtvwmsx #thankyoutour2016 
 today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn. he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. he will be missed 
 if united steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in indiana. spend more time working-less time talking. reduce dues 
 chuck jones who is president of united steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. no wonder companies flee country 
 join me tomorrow in des moines iowa with vice president-elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!#thankyoutour2016 #maga… https://t.co/geq6st70it 
 we pause today to remember the 2403 american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor 75 years ago...https://t.co/r5erlr24q3 
 i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:30. enjoy 
 a great night in fayetteville north carolina. thank you! #icymi watch here: https://t.co/zautgxkppb https://t.co/ef9xrwmcia 
 departing new york with general james 'mad dog' mattis for tonight's rally in fayetteville north carolina! see you… https://t.co/z8sgjbwi09 
 masa said he would never do this had we (trump) not won the election 
 masa (softbank) of japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the u.s. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs 
 join me tonight in fayetteville north carolina at 7pm! #thankyoutour2016 tickets: https://t.co/79ahq3nc0v https://t.co/kozce7jeg7 
 boeing is building a brand new 747 air force one for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion. cancel order 
 #thankyoutour2016 12/6- north carolinahttps://t.co/79ahq3nc0v12/8- iowahttps://t.co/1iurtvwmsx12/9- michiga… https://t.co/vcqaij8qob 
 if the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably i would have far less reason to "tweet." sadly i don't know if that will ever happen 
 i am thrilled to nominate dr. @realbencarson as our next secretary of the us dept. of housing and urban development… https://t.co/ojkudfhp3r 
 their country (the u.s. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea?  i don't think so 
 did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete) heavily tax our products going into 
 @foxnews will be re-running "objectified: donald trump" the ratings hit produced by the great harvey levin of tmz at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 the green party just dropped its recount suit in pennsylvania and is losing votes in wisconsin recount. just a stein scam to raise money 
 expensive mistake! the united states is open for business 
 these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. please be forewarned prior to making a very  
 wanting to sell their product cars a.c. units etc. back across the border. this tax will make leaving financially difficult but 
 without retribution or consequence is wrong! there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies  
 fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the u.s.   
 the u.s. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country 
 just tried watching saturday night live - unwatchable! totally biased not funny and the baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. sad 
 our great vpe @mike_pence is in louisiana campaigning for john kennedy for us senate. john will be a tremendous help to us in washington 
 state treasurer john kennedy is my choice for us senator from louisiana. early voting today; election next saturday 
 rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. this is happening all over our country. no more 
 interesting how the u.s. sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call 
 the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency. thank you 
 thank you ohio! together we made history – and now the real work begins. america will start winning again!… https://t.co/svnsnje7uf 
 heading to u.s. bank arena in cincinnati ohio for a 7pm rally. join me! tickets: https://t.co/hiwqzvhv6m 
 getting ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier a.c 
 my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states. stay safe 
 look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier. they will sell many air conditioners 
 'donald trump is already helping the working class' https://t.co/gtuncqhlyx 
 'president-elect donald j. trump today announced his intent to nominate steven mnuchin wilbur ross &amp; todd ricketts… https://t.co/cebxowsnyp 
 join me in cincinnati ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. i am grateful for all of your support. thank you!tickets:… https://t.co/51emq7tffa 
 hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. the presidency is a far more important task 
 do this under the law i feel it is visually important as president  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses 
 great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again! while i am not mandated to  
 i will be holding a major news conference in new york city with my children on december 15 to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my  
 isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country 
 big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.we will keep our companies and jobs in the u.s. thanks carrier 
 i will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier a.c. staying in indianapolis. great deal for workers 
 'president-elect donald j. trump nominates elaine chao as secretary of the department of transportation'https://t.co/5fmgdhazxb 
 'president-elect donald j. trump intends to nominate congressman tom price and seema verma.'https://t.co/zth5cuy26z https://t.co/twigakjs3s 
 my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires. stay safe 
 nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail 
 i thought that @cnn would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however since election they are worse 
 the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory - 306 
 @cnn is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of hillary clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don't know what to do 
 just met with general petraeus--was very impressed 
 if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people the cuban/american people and the u.s. as a whole i will terminate deal 
 serious voter fraud in virginia new hampshire and california - so why isn't the media reporting on this? serious bias - big problem 
 states instead of the 15 states that i visited. i would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten) 
 it would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only campaign in 3 or 4-- 
 in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally 
 trump is going to be our president. we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." so much time and money will be spent - same result! sad 
 this election. that is a direct threat to our democracy." she then said "we have to accept the results and look to the future donald -- 
 of position." then separately she stated "he said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of -- 
 during a general election. i for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind -- 
 and fair elections. we've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a - 
 hillary's debate answer on delay: "that is horrifying. that is not the way our democracy works. been around for 240 years. we've had free -- 
 hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. nothing will change 
 the democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. not so anymore 
 the green party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized dems 
 fidel castro is dead 
 i am working hard even on thanksgiving trying to get carrier a.c. company to stay in the u.s. (indiana). making progress - will know soon 
 happy thanksgiving to everyone. we will together make america great again 
 let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. happy th… https://t.co/ry9mggjrxm 
 bus crash in tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. condolences to all family members and loved ones. these beautiful children will be remembered 
 i am seriously considering dr. ben carson as the head of hud. i've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people 
 the meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. look forward to it 
 'jeff sessions a fitting selection for attorney general'https://t.co/ljktkazsfy 
 'president-elect donald j. trump's cia director garners praise'https://t.co/ufdlwtwbeq https://t.co/mrpag7oziq 
 great meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years 
 the failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. i can fully understand that - but why announce 
 perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone 
 i cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. not nice 
 many people would like to see @nigel_farage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states. he would do a great job 
 prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the world.only the crooked media makes this a big deal 
 @transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. https://t.co/htgpxfpwej 
 i have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer. he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done. good news 
 general james "mad dog" mattis who is being considered for secretary of defense was very impressive yesterday. a true general's general 
 i watched parts of @nbcsnl saturday night live last night. it is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. equal time for us 
 numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again 
 the cast and producers of hamilton which i hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behavior 
 the theater must always be a safe and special place.the cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man mike pence. apologize 
 our wonderful future v.p. mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton cameras blazing.this should not happen 
 the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u. too bad 
 i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country 
 will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again 
 i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky. i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me 
 just got a call from my friend bill ford chairman of ford who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky - no mexico 
 my transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. #maga 
 australia new zealand and more. i am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me 
 i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. russia u.k. china saudi arabia japan 
 the failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. it is going so smoothly. also i have spoken to many foreign leaders 
 i am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. this was a typically false news story 
 very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions. i am the only one who knows who the finalists are 
 the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. campaigning is much different 
 if the election were based on total popular vote i would have campaigned in  n.y. florida and california and won even bigger and more easily 
 the debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus our great supporters gave us the win 
 i will be interviewed on @60minutes tonight after the nfl game - 7:00 p.m. enjoy 
 the @nytimes states today that djt believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." how dishonest are they. i never said this 
 governor john kasich of the great great great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win. the people of ohio were incredible 
 jeb bush george w and george h.w. all called to express their best wishes on the win. very nice 
 mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win. very nice 
 the @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me. i wonder if it will change - doubt it 
 wow the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "trump phenomena" 
 this will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans. we will unite and we will win win win 
 today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #thankavet https://t.co/wpk7qwpk8z 
 busy day planned in new york. will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government 
 love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. we will all come together and be proud 
 just had a very open and successful presidential election. now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. very unfair 
 a fantastic day in d.c. met with president obama for first time. really good meeting great chemistry. melania liked mrs. o a lot 
 happy 241st birthday to the u.s. marine corps! thank you for your service!! https://t.co/lz2dhrxzo4 
 such a beautiful and important evening! the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. we will all come together as never before 
 watching the returns at 9:45pm. #electionnight #maga🇺🇸 https://t.co/hfujerzbod 
 still time to #votetrump! #ivoted #electionnight https://t.co/uztyay1ba6 
 don't let up keep getting out to vote - this election is far from over! we are doing well but there is much time left. go florida 
 just out according to @cnn: "utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country" 
 i will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends. very exciting 
 #electionday https://t.co/mxraxyntjy https://t.co/fzhoncih21 
 we need your vote. go to the polls! let's continue this movement! find your poll location: https://t.co/vmudvi1tx1… https://t.co/zgox74ebhw 
 vote today! go to https://t.co/mxraxyntjy to find your polling location. we are going to make america great again!… https://t.co/kpq5ey9vwq 
 today we make america great again 
 today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house! thank you mi!… https://t.co/onrpevzhrw 
 unbelievable evening in new hampshire - thank you! flying to grand rapids michigan now. watch nh rally here:… https://t.co/hp88anrfgk 
 big news to share in new hampshire tonight! polls looking great! see you soon 
 today in florida i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: https://t.co/8eelqk2wuw 
 thank you pennsylvania! going to new hampshire now and on to michigan. watch pa rally here: https://t.co/d29dlingst… https://t.co/zch9crfikm 
 live on #periscope: join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote tomorrow. lets #maga!! https://t.co/ej0lmmk3yu 
 hey missouri let's defeat crooked hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! koster supports obamacare &amp; amnesty! vote outsider navy seal @ericgreitens 
 'america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider'https://t.co/ll8qiw9sqw 
 'what i like about trump ... and why you need to vote for him'https://t.co/6rvuduehzq 
 'why trump' https://t.co/rpwiyb7aov 
 i love you north carolina- thank you for your amazing support! get out and https://t.co/hfihperfgz tomorrow!watch:… https://t.co/jzzfquznyh 
 on my way! https://t.co/6l2ild6r8h 
 just landed in north carolina- heading to the j.s. dorton arena. see you all soon! lets #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/euo0kewx1y 
 starting tomorrow it's going to be #americafirst! thank you for a great morning sarasota florida!watch here:… https://t.co/ig62kjkkvl 
 thank you for you support virginia! in one day - get out and #votetrumppence16! #icymi: https://t.co/nid8qcftwy https://t.co/wosecjm8sm 
 thank you pennsylvania- i am forever grateful for your amazing support. lets make america great again! #maga… https://t.co/qbcjzazw6z 
 thank you michigan! this is a movement that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #draintheswamp! watch… https://t.co/csdgkcfyrl 
 our american comeback story begins 11/8/16. together we will make america safe &amp; great again for everyone! watch:… https://t.co/ek8cn3cgtr 
 thank you minnesota! it is time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga! #icymi- watch: https://t.co/fvthc7yil6 https://t.co/e8saxijrxj 
 monday - 11/7/2016scranton pennsylvania at 5:30pm.https://t.co/bcerctspdfgrand rapids michigan at 11pm.… https://t.co/pgfmlp0173 
 thank you iowa - get out &amp; #votetrumppence16! https://t.co/hfihperfgz https://t.co/qsukelqmkb 
 van jones: ‘there is a crack in the blue wall’ — it has to do with trade: https://t.co/bvef9cc7o7 
 great night in denver colorado- thank you! together we will make america great again! #icymi watch rally here:… https://t.co/lbvnho6t2k 
 thank you reno nevada. nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again! #americafirst… https://t.co/a4eehocbgs 
 join me live in reno nevada!https://t.co/t4bf1hrxaa https://t.co/epqrxha1cm 
 join me tomorrow!minnesota • 2pmhttps://t.co/wcglh4prs7michigan • 6pmhttps://t.co/9bqgvknnrtvirginia • 9:30p… https://t.co/a1ovhcrt6t 
 #draintheswamp!https://t.co/z68vgp9bvf 
 top clinton aides bemoan campaign ‘all tactics’ no vision: https://t.co/mhyvqtiq78 
 ‘must act immediately’: clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the lawhttps://t.co/hsi4qhqtv1 
 watch coach mike ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pme on #wattersworld with @jessebwatters @foxnews 
 thank you wilmington north carolina. we are 3 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life!… https://t.co/6zjzrbflst 
 thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa florida! #icymi- watch here: https://t.co/q43khf7moe https://t.co/1gscfnav4l 
 join me in denver colorado tonight at 9:30pm: https://t.co/ljygik7mrinew- scranton pennsylvania monday @ 5:30pm: https://t.co/bcerctspdf 
 make america great again 
 thank you hershey pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on november 8th &amp; we will #maga! #rallyforriley #icymi watch here… https://t.co/mawukvbtr8 
 join me in denver colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!tickets: https://t.co/ljygik7mri 
 join me live in hershey pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain live: https://t.co/xej6szpb12 https://t.co/jwfgi1vlww 
 the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. the only force strong enough to save our country is us.… https://t.co/7dcshokuzc 
 thank you ohio! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states! watch:… https://t.co/7ch8zngdoa 
 join me live in wilmington ohio!https://t.co/nq2p4eullu 
 if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary we would all be much better off 
 'ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs cartels &amp; drug violence nationwide'… https://t.co/09asrbwqrv 
 thank you nh! we will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save american lives! watc… https://t.co/uxcazvkb32 
 clinton aides: ‘definitely’ not releasing some hrc emails:https://t.co/gy5pgkadow 
 "the clinton campaign at obama justice" #draintheswamphttps://t.co/lzkvfc071z 
 join me today in wilmington ohio at 4pm: https://t.co/eclecmkylwtomorrow- tampa florida at 10am: https://t.co/n9380pvmum 
 there is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! thank you selma north carolina!#icymi watch here… https://t.co/8uirhgyrsl 
 join me in wilmington ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! it is time to #draintheswamp! tickets: https://t.co/eclecm3nmw https://t.co/sb5irrxjxj 
 #crookedhillary is unfit to serve. https://t.co/bsugvinnf1 
 thank you concord north carolina! when we win on november 8th we are going to washington d.c. and we are going t… https://t.co/7j4mbn1waf 
 watching my beautiful wife melania speak about our love of country and family. we will make you all very proud.… https://t.co/dikmsntlc2 
 looking at air force one @ mia. why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing obamacare? get back to work for the american people 
 obamacare is a total disaster. hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. doesn't work i will repeal and replace 
 my wife melania will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon. so exciting big crowds! i will be watching from north carolina 
 thank you arlene! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #draintheswamp https://t.co/tsi0yp2ll9 
 #makeamericagreatagain #6days https://t.co/ehtgiepfsm 
 thank you orlando florida! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch… https://t.co/lpxbqz5axt 
 after decades of lies and scandal crooked hillary's corruption is closing in. #draintheswamp! https://t.co/yivcacmkkq 
 clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp post-election: https://t.co/zzjbgdzp7e 
 "it pays to have friends in high places- like the justice department. clearly the clintons do." #draintheswamp! https://t.co/kzxb4b156m 
 thank you miami! in 6 days we are going to win the great state of florida - and we are going to win back the white… https://t.co/mkypop0med 
 praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning. an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all 
 crooked hillary clinton deleted 33000 e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress. guilty - cannot run. rigged system 
 i am going to repeal and replace obamacare. we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare. with hillary costs will triple 
 you can change your vote in six states. so now that you see that hillary was a big mistake change your vote to make america great again 
 join me in florida tomorrow!miami•12pmhttps://t.co/a3x71q6sg2orlando•4pmhttps://t.co/6bqtvoty5cpensacola•7p… https://t.co/kequujeo1b 
 thank you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor @scottwalker! it is time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga!… https://t.co/gkbkkmtudn 
 wikileaks emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to 'dump' emails. time to #draintheswamp!https://t.co/p3ajiacixk 
 'podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' https://t.co/nyvvmoa8wl 
 mika brzezinski: dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea ‘there’s something there'https://t.co/evbp0xespn https://t.co/qidbidpat8 
 hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats: https://t.co/y7m8ivu173 
 trump promises special session to repeal obamacare: https://t.co/wtcd108yrv 
 'kept me out of jail': top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: https://t.co/quzn97ceoq 
 @darrellissa is a very good man. help him win his congressional seat in california 
 #icymi: governor @mike_pence and i were in valley forge pennsylvania today. you can watch it here:… https://t.co/6gwgmcv23z 
 so terrible that crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from donna brazile if that were me it would have been front page news 
 join me tomorrow in florida!miami•12pmhttps://t.co/a3x71q6sg2orlando•4pmhttps://t.co/6bqtvoty5cpensacola•7p… https://t.co/knzraeulzo 
 crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president. she deleted 33000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from u.s. congress. rigged 
 wow now leading in @abc /@washingtonpost poll 46 to 45. gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the crooked hillary blow-up 
 look at the way crooked hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. she is unfit to be president. bad judgement 
 wow! i hear you warren michigan. streaming live - join us america. it is time to drain the swamp!watch: https://t.co/pjxelwc5e1 
 #obamacarefail #hillarycarefail https://t.co/gaxowvi0xa 
 thank you grand rapids michigan! #icymi- watch: https://t.co/2mdqcs6cob https://t.co/gn7byfld9k 
 $25 million+ raised online in just one week! record week. #draintheswamp today we set a bigger record. contribute &gt;https://t.co/cz1qmzcxwo 
 legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has 900+ wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… https://t.co/ahltfg7u4i 
 'hillary's two official favors to morocco resulted in $28 million for clinton foundation' #draintheswamphttps://t.co/6qoo7fzsvf 
 join me tomorrow in michigan!grand rapids at 12pm:https://t.co/xfprnf7pnfwarren at 3pm:https://t.co/drewbh7zvd https://t.co/iyxwip0rvd 
 beautiful rally in albuquerque new mexico this evening - thank you. get out &amp; vote! #draintheswampwatch rally:… https://t.co/k2rsgt2zh5 
 thank you greeley co! real change means restoring honesty to the govt. our plan will end govt. corruption! watch:… https://t.co/qz5al7zvp4 
 thank you las vegas nevada- i love you! departing for greeley colorado now. get out &amp; vote! #icymi- watch here:… https://t.co/uiloprten9 
 see you tomorrow michigan!grand rapids mi tomorrow at noon:https://t.co/xfprnepnz5warren mi tomorrow at 3pm:… https://t.co/uhrtgs88b5 
 wow twitter google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton. very dishonest media 
 hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago. original evidence was overwhelming should not have delayed 
 we are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday - great in states 
 great day in colorado &amp; arizona. will be in nevada colorado and new mexico tomorrow - join me!tickets:… https://t.co/vmptslxsct 
 thank you phoenix arizona! time for new powerful leadership. just imagine what we can accomplish in our first 100… https://t.co/gqzllxcenk 
 so nice - great americans outside trump tower right now. thank you! https://t.co/34attgictz 
 departing golden co. for arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. watch here: https://t.co/znzmwuzpivoverflow: https://t.co/93l7jfdmxj 
 #obamacarefail https://t.co/iusxk4n9w7 
 tomorrow!las vegas nv- 11a: https://t.co/kluudkimvngreeley co- 4p: https://t.co/jyimiibqkbalbuquerque nm- 7p: https://t.co/7scol4vqlm 
 i am in colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday 
 join me in colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or arizona at 3pm!tickets:golden: https://t.co/eix7sspo2zphoenix:… https://t.co/pheycksxq0 
 thank you maine new hampshire and iowa. the waiting is over! the time for change is now! we are going to… https://t.co/hvpjw6qeq2 
 just landed in iowa - speaking soon 
 we must not let #crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office. #draintheswamp https://t.co/gtpkj4xiz6 
 just out: neera tanden hillary clinton adviser said israel is depressing. i think israel is inspiring 
 heading to new hampshire. will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare 
 if my people said the things about me that podesta &amp; hillary's people said about her i would fire them out of self respect. "bad instincts" 
 join me tonight in cedar rapids iowa at 7pm: https://t.co/qwaejpr79nphoenix arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: https://t.co/0lje9qbnlh 
 thank you geneva ohio. if i am elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr… https://t.co/a7t5qn2iqw 
 join @teamtrump on facebook &amp; watch tonight's rally from geneva ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #americafirst #maga https://t.co/zqjmf4qcwh 
 crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #draintheswamp… https://t.co/blmkzq8svk 
 i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 i delivered a speech in charlotte north carolina yesterday. i appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. lets #maga… https://t.co/ai2htiruzr 
 join me live in toledo ohio. time to #draintheswamp &amp; #maga!https://t.co/nu39mmlh1t 
 join me in cedar rapids iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #magahttps://t.co/qwaejpzvkn https://t.co/cnihgkjp0v 
 #icymi: i agree- to all americans i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp with me on 11/8.… https://t.co/p2edj2moxy 
 thank you springfield ohio. get out and #votetrumppence16!#icymi - watch here: https://t.co/deoxv6os3b… https://t.co/rngcuuqo4x 
 join me live in springfield ohio!https://t.co/lrea7wrmox 
 inside ‘bill clinton inc.’: hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #draintheswamp!https://t.co/ufdvzesdfd 
 join me! #magatoday:springfield oh toledo oh geneva oh friday:manchester nh lisbon me cedar rapids iahttps://t.co/kv624y9uom 
 i agree @mmflint- to all americans i see you &amp; i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp w/ me on 11/8. https://t.co/d7nbwkogbb 
 "clinton foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president"https://t.co/plfilr6jcn 
 ron fournier: "clinton used secret server to protect #circleofenrichmenthttps://t.co/4ogp3tpxyp 
 'wikileaks drip-drop releases prove one thing: there's no nov. 8 deadline on clinton's dishonesty and scandals'https://t.co/mfry3nvd4f 
 a lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas. people are not happy. big lines. what is going on 
 obamacare is a disaster. we must repeal &amp; replace. tired of the lies and want to #draintheswamp? get out &amp; vote… https://t.co/joelj829pg 
 beautiful evening in kinston north carolina - thank you! get out and vote!! you can watch tonight's rally here:… https://t.co/x7wterl55d 
 thank you charlotte north carolina. great afternoon! #icymi - i delivered a speech on urban renewal. full speech:… https://t.co/ga6dqzrir0 
 hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by usss.) turned out to be a total lie. she is not fit to… https://t.co/hbirgj21l6 
 join me in ohio tomorrow!springfield-1pm:https://t.co/ycbpsigtvatoledo-4pm:https://t.co/bojh0l1czzgeneva-7pm… https://t.co/7qbirel33u 
 repeal and replace obamacare 
 thank you tallahassee florida! a beautiful evening with the movement! get out &amp; vote!#icymi- watch here: https://t.co/gdkhwrca9r 
 thank you sanford florida. get out &amp; vote #trumppence16! #icymi- watch this afternoons rally here:… https://t.co/zvxrscclfd 
 repeal and replace!!! #obamacareinthreewords 
 i have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project. i will fight for them everyday!… https://t.co/ot6vqgqvw0 
 get your ballots in colorado - i will see you soon -- and we will win!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/odlvzg7mlk 
 'obama warned of rigged elections in 2008.' time to #draintheswamphttps://t.co/akczh8l0fj https://t.co/7mikwahtuv 
 obamacare is a disaster. rates going through the sky - ready to explode. i will fix it. hillary can't!#obamacarefailed 
 truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association. #maga… https://t.co/ardlfkvjax 
 obamacare is a disaster - as i've been saying from the beginning. time to repeal &amp; replace! #obamacarefail https://t.co/5cvombvcet 
 #obamacarefail https://t.co/90aixp25oc 
 obamacare is a disaster! time to repeal &amp; replace! #obamacarefail https://t.co/xdphvczf1g 
 #obamacarefail https://t.co/5zvsys8j5w 
 #obamacarefail https://t.co/mb0yw1rg6g 
 get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again! https://t.co/xxvlrlhsaz 
 key obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:https://t.co/tcdhedpqdg 
 #obamacare premiums are about to skyrocket --- again. crooked h will only make it worse. we will repeal &amp; replace! https://t.co/fy1reyv4rk 
 as election looms some bad news for clinton democrats:https://t.co/7awwvqpjto 
 record crowd in tampa florida- thank you! we will win florida #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and make america… https://t.co/ipsuynxcp6 
 thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done! https://t.co/vx5iltoaxj 
 my contract with the american voter will restore honesty accountability &amp; change to washington! #draintheswamp https://t.co/sbvwctt1sj 
 peter navarro: 'trump the bull vs. clinton the bear' #draintheswamp https://t.co/mqrkfmg80j 
 'democratic operative caught on camera: hillary personally ordered 'donald duck' troll campaign that broke the law'https://t.co/strehafyuh 
 join me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee florida!sanford at 3pm:https://t.co/pzenw9khegtallahassee at 6pm:https://t.co/wki69e1bqd 
 thank you st. augustine florida! get out and vote! join the movement - and lets #draintheswamp! off to tampa now!… https://t.co/zgwqhy2jbx 
 join me live on my facebook page in st. augustine florida! lets #draintheswamp &amp; make america great again!… https://t.co/mpzvrcar9l 
 honored to receive an endorsement from @sjsopio - thank you! together we are going to make america safe &amp; great ag… https://t.co/pstcoei5t1 
 'hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience' https://t.co/1gvq74iw8a 
 leaving west palm beach florida now - heading to st. augustine for a 3pm rally. will be in tampa at 7pm - join me:… https://t.co/eluneqrxzq 
 'the clinton foundation’s most questionable foreign donations'#paytoplay #draintheswamphttps://t.co/ikeqmrjx5z 
 departing farmers round table in boynton beach florida. get out &amp; vote- lets #maga! early voting by fl. county:… https://t.co/mgjxnbxrga 
 get out to vote on 11/8/2016- and we will #draintheswamp!rasmussen national trump 43%clinton 41% https://t.co/jior7bq816 
 we are winning and the press is refusing to report it. don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #draintheswamp on november 8th 
 why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win 
 major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump . we are going to win 
 wow just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible. we cannot let this happen - isis 
 'clinton ally aided campaign of fbi official’s wife' https://t.co/u0w99gfyke 
 'clinton charity got up to $56 million from nations that are anti-women gays' #crookedhillaryhttps://t.co/ehsubdi8xm 
 thank you naples florida! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8. lets #makeamericagreatagain! full naples rally… https://t.co/5zbtesj00k 
 the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. we gave them months of notice. u.s. is looking so dumb. vote trump and win again 
 #crookedhillary #paytoplay https://t.co/bt1nv0zmyg 
 join me in naples florida this evening at 6:00pm! tickets: https://t.co/oax06jvzv1 https://t.co/g9lbxi1dj8 
 remember - get out on november 8th &amp; vote #trumppence16. it is time to #draintheswamp -- this is our last chance! https://t.co/bngcjut7ul 
 former prosecutor: the clintons are so corrupt everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’ https://t.co/5eyfi092vn 
 thank you las vegas review journal! editorial: 'donald trump for president' https://t.co/uh5gh7bhe0 via @reviewjournal 
 well iran has done it again. taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. this doesn't happen if i'm president 
 "if you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the white house" a statement made by mrs. obama about crooked hillary clinton 
 thank you for the massive turnout tonight- cleveland ohio! get out &amp; vote #trumppence16 on 11/8.watch rally here:… https://t.co/xujzejwsgk 
 wikileaks: 'clinton-kaine even lied about timing of veep pick'https://t.co/e1nvdpsfnr 
 'trump lays out policies for first 100 days in white house'https://t.co/orwoifjusz 
 'huma abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems'https://t.co/i4zn2qzknf 
 just arrived in cleveland ohio- join governor @mike_pence and i now live via: https://t.co/ss58chftny 
 hillary clinton: 'architect of failure'#draintheswamp #crookedhillaryhttps://t.co/b5hqsgrc7n 
 unbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach virginia. thank you! next stop - cleveland ohio.… https://t.co/cn3sdx5ft1 
 in order to #draintheswamp &amp; create a new government of by &amp; for the people i need your vote! go to https://t.co/hfihperfgz- let's #maga 
 today i introduced my contract with the american voter - our economy will be strong &amp; our people will be safe.… https://t.co/sa6xufueu4 
 change has to come from outside our very broken system. #maga https://t.co/oh9lvo3r7k 
 crooked hillary clinton tops middle east forum’s ‘islamist money list'https://t.co/jc25rntx6g 
 thank you gettysburg pennsylvania! #draintheswamp https://t.co/jwglcxdji7 
 landing in pennsylvania now. great new poll this morning thank you. lets #draintheswamp and #makeamericagreatagain… https://t.co/bv2rfavg84 
 will be in cleveland ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: https://t.co/hre7fofpxqnaples florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: https://t.co/oax06jvzv1 
 the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. biggest crowds ever - watch what happens 
 just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. amazing crowd. will be going back tomorrow to gettysburg 
 governor @mike_pence and i will be in cleveland ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #magatickets:… https://t.co/kfjv5po0x6 
 thank you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown pennsylvania. get out &amp; vote on 11/8/16. lets #maga! watch:… https://t.co/eb6xumlbfw 
 #crookedhillary sending u.s. intelligence info. to podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an opsec violation’ https://t.co/z58aeo4co7 
 wikileaks reveals clinton camp’s work with ‘very friendly and malleable reporters’ #draintheswamp #crookedhillaryhttps://t.co/bcylslrxi0 
 donna brazile shreds obama economy - acting dnc chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' https://t.co/lqnbissox0 
 "{crooked hillary clinton} created this mess and she knows it." #draintheswamp https://t.co/3cbnyjl5cd https://t.co/sjwkuq3nkk 
 'clinton campaign and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdog'time to #draintheswamp! https://t.co/0vddgdpctg 
 very ironic: "in 2010 video clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’" https://t.co/dl7vdmqsly 
 great crowd in johnstown pennsylvania- thank you. get out &amp; vote on 11/8! watch the movement in pa. this afternoon… https://t.co/dumlbskvey 
 a top clinton foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest. https://t.co/rtwhdyoyq7 
 #crookedhillary was at center of negotiating $12m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco to clinton fdn. https://t.co/hwoq7jqwy2 
 great crowd in fletcher north carolina- thank you! heading to johnstown pennsylvania now! get out on november 8th… https://t.co/ig5khkiz3w 
 the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous i won! thank you these are very exciting times 
 huma calls it a "mess" the rest of us call it corrupt! wikileaks catches crooked in the act - again.#draintheswamp https://t.co/juvdlijpwu 
 hillary &amp; obama's broken promises. #repealobamacare https://t.co/oz24r2xw7g 
 in addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #obamacare are seeing massive premium incr… https://t.co/j7ldxmumjm 
 when obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13375. today they are $18142. thanks obama 
 crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed. we'll create 25m jobs when i'm president and i will deliver! https://t.co/ngyckeh7xn 
 crooked took millions from oppressive me countries. will she give the $$$ back? probably not. don't forget her slog… https://t.co/eslgql0gg8 
 'trump won the third debate'https://t.co/wh52fylnrz 
 upcoming rallies - join me!tomorrowfletcher nc @ 12pm. https://t.co/uasva4gd4rsaturdaycleveland oh @ 7pm. https://t.co/hre7foxqpo 
 #icymi - ohio rally!watch here: https://t.co/0qajfocu6y https://t.co/fpshhixi31 
 on behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! let's #makeamericagreatagain #earlyvote https://t.co/tv7ihuvmfs 
 want access to crooked hillary? don't forget - it's going to cost you!#draintheswamp #paytoplay https://t.co/qjmbzkenk9 
 thank you delaware county ohio! remember- either we win this election or we are going to lose this country!… https://t.co/ntdrtzyoqi 
 if elected potus - i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country! in order to do this we need to… https://t.co/45vyk6z18m 
 why didn't hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! crooked hillary 
 thank you america! #magarasmussen national polldonald trump 43%hillary clinton 40% https://t.co/n4ez3qpcjg 
 just landed in ohio. thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement. it is time to… https://t.co/ivdjrzl6wz 
 totally dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth. highly illegal! watch: https://t.co/rs5brj31ba https://t.co/fyoro6mujx 
 the washington times presidential debate poll:trump 77% (18290)clinton 17% (4100)#draintheswamp #debate https://t.co/wsgsf5nv6h 
 join the movement to #maga!https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/v84qfn4oz1 
 great poll - thank you america! once we #draintheswamp together we will #maga🇺🇸#debate https://t.co/svcjmrshkd 
 that was really exciting. made all of my points. make america great again 
 join my team over on my facebook page- live now! #debateshttps://t.co/vpdvqfo58a https://t.co/5v1twzhrxq 
 the era of division is coming to an end. we will create a new future of #americanunity. first we need to… https://t.co/mzufp24bgh 
 we cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary. #bigleaguetruth 
 i started this campaign to make america great again. that’s what i’m going to do. #maga #debate 
 hillary's health care policies#draintheswamp #debate https://t.co/t1sr8dk2xi 
 we have to repeal &amp; replace #obamacare! look at what is doing to people! #draintheswamp https://t.co/fsv7p11mwv 
 @realdonaldtrump is going to cut taxes big league -- crooked is going to raise taxes big league! #draintheswamp… https://t.co/41x9qjy0rj 
 isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees and @hillaryclinton will allow it to happen h… https://t.co/mmew2qstqh 
 the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/o8g2e5xxy6 
 together we can save american jobs american lives and american futures! #debates https://t.co/2yfd0omn4x 
 usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. we need change! #bigleaguetruth #debate 
 i will defeat isis. they have been around too long! what has our leadership been doing?#draintheswamp https://t.co/tu0iw3gi9v 
 after crooked @hillaryclinton allowed isis to rise she now claims she'll defeat them? laughable! here's my plan: https://t.co/fzrmobnqvn 
 what they are saying about @realdonaldtrump's great debate and @hillaryclinton's bad performance… https://t.co/1o86a49vjz 
 "her instincts are suboptimal."https://t.co/prchvrtpva 
 i opposed going into iraq. hillary voted for it. as with everything else she's supported it was a disaster. https://t.co/um5wjxwfbz 
 #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/eobixfpc5f 
 bernie sanders on hrc: bad judgement. john podesta on hrc: bad instincts. #bigleaguetruth #debate 
 hillary failed all over the world. #bigleaguetruth  ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi… https://t.co/h1uh0svtt2 
 hillary says "take back mosul?" we would have never lost mosul- if it wasn't for #crookedhillary. #draintheswamp https://t.co/tmsy0apflq 
 you should give the money back @hillaryclinton! #draintheswamp https://t.co/m0lkhruohz 
 crooked’s top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept. we must #draintheswamp https://t.co/a4p7q9jzde #debate 
 live fact-check: trump's right. the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east. #draintheswamp https://t.co/kgcaf5tdtm 
 crooked @hillaryclinton's foundation is a criminal enterprise. time to #draintheswamp!  https://t.co/89eomtsijt #bigleaguetruth #debate 
 moderator: respectfully you won’t answer the pay-to-play question. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 @hillaryclinton loves to lie. america has had enough of the clinton's! it is time to #draintheswamp! debates https://t.co/3mz4t7qttr 
 she'll say anything and change nothing! #maga #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/6e767uw6dj 
 i will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! #debate  #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/tunqepu8vk 
 crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. these incidents weren't "spontaneous" - like she claimed in benghazi! https://t.co/aczogfifz2 
 #crookedhillary is nothing more than a wall street puppet! #bigleaguetruth #debate https://t.co/skhbwg6aq3 
 brought to you by @hillaryclinton &amp; her campaign- in chicago illinois. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/10iubocecp 
 @realdonaldtrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! #debate… https://t.co/gunavggs0n 
 our country is stagnant. we’ve lost jobs and business. we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessed 
 crooked hillary has never created a job in her life. we will create 25 million jobs. think she can do that? not a c… https://t.co/64kll0dl7k 
 @hillaryclinton has been doing this for thirty years....where has she been? #bigleaguetruth 
 #crookedhillary gives obama an a for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since wwii... #bigleaguetruth… https://t.co/wvmfhdycu2 
 the choice is clear!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/kgx88pepmx 
 i will renegotiate nafta. if i can’t make a great deal we’re going to tear it up. we’re going to get this economy running again. #debate 
 #crookedhillary's plan will add $1.15 trillion in new taxes. we cannot afford her! #draintheswamp #debate https://t.co/jpjky1iiqh 
 this is what we can expect from #crookedhillary. more taxes. more spending. #bigleagetruth #draintheswamp #debates https://t.co/5yxnt0gnuf 
 #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/jhdlwfez3v 
 @hillaryclinton's tax hikes will crush our economy. i will cut taxes -- big league. https://t.co/eta1tbnrng https://t.co/ngmdp4wili 
 @hillaryclinton talking about jobs? remember what she promised upstate new york. #bigleaguetruth#debates https://t.co/smjnuhi7xb 
 @hillaryclinton has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people. i will #makeamericastrongagain #debate… https://t.co/tj6pwm5r1j 
 moderator: hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 @hillaryclinton- you have failed failed and failed. #bigleaguetruthtime to #draintheswamp! https://t.co/c2eiyu8xkk 
 hillary has called for 550% more syrian immigrants but won’t even mention radical islamic terrorists. #debate… https://t.co/rf48xkzwbu 
 hey @potus - we agree!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/wnofyy60fc 
 moderator: hillary paid $225000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. that’s a quote! #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 trump &amp; clinton on immigration#debate #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/op4c7jc8ad 
 hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions no ideas no credibility.she supported nafta worst deal in us history. #debate 
 @realdonaldtrump wants a safe america w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an end to sanctuary cities. he is… https://t.co/7ha00c77gb 
 plain &amp; simple: we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people. https://t.co/tljo8dtvjz 
 one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #debate #maga 
 hillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. i will put… https://t.co/zpv33tfbr6 
 drugs are pouring into this country. if we have no border we have no country. that’s why ice endorsed me. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 #secondamendment #2a#debates https://t.co/qboaf8dlhs 
 @realdonaldtrump is pro-life pro-family #bigleaguetruth #debates2016 https://t.co/noqbdbmqfm 
 it is so imperative that we have the right justices. #draintheswamp #debates #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/rhryqijtlu 
 @hillaryclinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2a will not survive a hillary presidency. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 @realdonaldtrump will protect and defend the constitution #debate #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp https://t.co/mntio22wk8 
 the 2nd amendment is under siege. we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 hillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history #debate #draintheswamp https://t.co/fkjbnxvluh 
 ready to lead. ready to make america great again. #debate #maga 
 this is an incredible movement- we are going to take our country back! #november8th #bigleaguetruth #debate https://t.co/bt4vgytkbr 
 tune in at https://t.co/q08kp4w3ot and get the word out #bigleaguetruth #debate help us spread the truth stop the… https://t.co/gs9yqyzf6x 
 i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagain 
 unbelievable!clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited white house 342 times: https://t.co/qqdsmhatkt 
 'over 250000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to #obamacare'https://t.co/18mcsko2ay 
 join my team tonight at 8:30pme!https://t.co/zqjmf4yb87 https://t.co/ncjxn6furf 
 i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government!… https://t.co/gqiztdcdfc 
 i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the loopholes! #draintheswamp https://t.co/pbprrenfsk 
 obamacare premiums increasing 33% in pennsylvania - a complete disaster. it must be repealed and replaced!… https://t.co/adzefci7sm 
 'hillary clinton deleted emails with her email server technician'https://t.co/vvo4ltksaj 
 join me in delaware ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #draintheswamp tickets: https://t.co/twrfy1ryy8 https://t.co/zd1kjzlctj 
 'top hillary adviser mocked plotted attacks on pro-sanders civil rights leader' #draintheswamp https://t.co/er5ftjzgjw 
 'dem operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house 342 times' #draintheswamp https://t.co/mo4sjaqmzo 
 'state works hard and illegally for clinton' #draintheswamp https://t.co/zxvunjtkhf 
 'scandals surround clinton's gatekeeper at state'#draintheswamp https://t.co/xxttzemyac 
 the state department's 'shadow government' #draintheswamp https://t.co/utbqlgryjh 
 more anti-catholic emails from team clinton: https://t.co/kyirbbyjp2 https://t.co/f8z7oluvlm 
 it is time to #draintheswamp!https://t.co/u2xem2vdjk 
 ‘food groups’ – emails show clinton campaign organized potential vps by race and gender: https://t.co/qk1fom1t8l 
 #draintheswamp https://t.co/wqqpjxfboj 
 time to #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8/2016. together we will make america safe… https://t.co/rvcjxdwxzp 
 hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states. #draintheswamp https://t.co/xa3yo8yzcq 
 'clinton campaign tried to limit damage from classified info on email server' #draintheswamp https://t.co/5j8wukll5o 
 'trump rally disrupter was once on clinton's payroll'https://t.co/75ollud4si 
 thank you colorado springs. if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count… https://t.co/n74uk73rlk 
 fl ks me md mn nj or &amp; wv! it's the last day to mail in voter reg forms. get the forms at… https://t.co/cbpgl6wyny 
 it is time to #draintheswamp in washington d.c! vote nov. 8th to take down the #rigged system! https://t.co/ox9hh13q9i 
 hillary’s aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks: https://t.co/o2qvr1myiz 
 nevada: a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! https://t.co/znpgnu8vcs https://t.co/gf8ercztc1 
 if we let crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence. #draintheswamp https://t.co/vpyio8cnxq 
 pay-to-play. collusion. cover-ups. and now bribery? so crooked. i will #draintheswamp. https://t.co/fnzmit7md8 
 i will make our government honest again -- believe me. but first i'm going to have to #draintheswamp in dc. https://t.co/m1lmaqpnib 
 great night in wi. i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo… https://t.co/uikwwnmwr7 
 donald j. trump ethics reform plan for washington d.c.https://t.co/lkzas1squa 
 exclusive: fbi agents say comey ‘stood in the way’ of clinton email investigation:https://t.co/6n63fhvvno 
 get rich quick! crooked hillary clinton's pay to play guide: https://t.co/ukh5scffrv 
 yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: https://t.co/rvh4ocgx3r 
 my wife melania will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by anderson cooper on @cnn. i have no doubt she will do very well. enjoy 
 i will sign the first bill to repeal #obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates 
 trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team: https://t.co/wvjztjy8ba https://t.co/jubru4mqce 
 join me in colorado springs colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #maga tickets: https://t.co/ktfk8ruauk 
 crooked hillary colluded w/fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her. it's a #riggedsystem! our country d… https://t.co/kuinrtimvj 
 new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught 
 "journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash"https://t.co/qzppx0lo4x https://t.co/nswbjn01uu 
 "state department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in clinton email scandal" https://t.co/xkmckeyrpj 
 our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq. we must never back down against this extreme radical islami… https://t.co/oeofia8rym 
 wow new polls just came out from @cnn   great numbers especially after total media hit job. leading ohio 48 - 44 
 corruption confirmed: fbi confirms state dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emailshttps://t.co/a3mcnblcso 
 voter fraud! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. can you imagine if i got the questions 
 unbelievable. https://t.co/d7kpxlqpwu 
 🚨breaking🚨: "state department's kennedy pressured fbi to unclassify clinton emails: fbi documents"https://t.co/gyyaneeysa 
 wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? rigged! https://t.co/fggxdss0a1 
 we have all got to come together and win this election. we can't have four more years of obama (or worse!) 
 of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. why do republican leaders deny what is going on? so naive 
 can't believe these totally phoney stories 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press have impact 
 all safe in orange county north carolina. with you all the way will never forget. now we have to win. proud of you all!  @ncgop 
 animals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning @ncgop 
 wow interview released by wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in crooked hillary e-mail probe.such a dishonest person - &amp; paul ryan does zilch 
 finally in the new abc news/washington post poll hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 47-43 
 paul ryan a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago) must start focusing on the budget military vets etc 
 the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton. we have paul ryan always fighting the republican nominee 
 join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday!green bay- 6pmhttps://t.co/9l917nvcbxcolorado springs- 1pm… https://t.co/972gwzdgep 
 the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty. https://t.co/aftds7hvlt 
 the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary - but also at many polling places - sad 
 we've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. wikileaks may have found the answer. obama! https://t.co/xf0wv8oa8q 
 hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. who would trust these people with national security? https://t.co/evbcqozrg2 
 a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his birthday? so corrupt! https://t.co/00s5tgsxrm 
 they let crooked &amp; the gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. unbelievable! https://t.co/ewjhoq20dw 
 election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news 
 polls close but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened. media rigging election 
 watched saturday night live hit job on me.time to retire the boring and unfunny show. alec baldwin portrayal stinks. media rigging election 
 thank you for sharing amy. https://t.co/stfzceaqgh 
 a great day in new hampshire and maine. fantastic crowds and energy! #maga 
 thank you bangor maine! get out &amp; #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will make america safe and great a… https://t.co/sush8v07mw 
 the failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way 
 nothing ever happened with any of these women. totally made up nonsense to steal the election. nobody has more respect for women than me 
 the movement in portsmouth new hampshire w/ 7k supporters. thank you! this is the biggest election of our lifetime… https://t.co/4otzyjylc2 
 landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country 
 the truth is a beautiful weapon. https://t.co/p7frfhicvw 
 mr. trump removing the broken teleprompter in north carolina-in front of a massive crowd. he goes on&amp;delivers the b… https://t.co/dynxc1hdtw 
 hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election 
 will be in bangor maine today at 3pm- join me! #magatickets: https://t.co/ny7e1fbob7 https://t.co/5tn2wvnr7j 
 this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect crooked hillary 
 100% fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign may poison the minds of the american voter. fix 
 thank you @trumpwomenstour!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/r4oxahpsab 
 thank you charlotte north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8th...because this is all… https://t.co/a7ql7kumft 
 make sure you're registered to vote! let's #makeamericagreatagain! we can't afford more years of failure! all info:… https://t.co/mgv5urlhb0 
 thank you for your support greensboro north carolina. next stop - charlotte! #magahttps://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/jjde4w1hz2 
 what they are saying about the clinton campaign’s anti-catholic bigotry: https://t.co/orulat4zbn 
 thank you to our u.s. navy for protecting our country both in times of peace &amp; war. together we will make america… https://t.co/v23jcl4teq 
 join me live in cincinnati ohio!#trumprally #magahttps://t.co/mzqgnnvfzb 
 join me in greensboro north carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #trumprallyhttps://t.co/vplryxcyoq https://t.co/drra2aqayj 
 dem gov. of mn. just announced that the affordable care act (obamacare) is no longer affordable. i've been saying this for years- disaster 
 "this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim c… https://t.co/a84wmhpsyy 
 great event in columbus- taking off for cincinnati now. great new ohio poll out- thank you!ohio nbc/wsj/marist polltrump 42% clinton 41% 
 just left a great rally in florida - now heading to ohio for two more. will be there soon 
 i am making a major speech in west palm beach florida at noon. tune in 
 thank you! #maga #americafirst https://t.co/fg313wjlkm 
 join me in ohio &amp; maine!cincinnati ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: https://t.co/xlhgd1vrmobangor maine - saturday @ 3pm… https://t.co/dyhpqybwpk 
 the phony story in the failing @nytimes is a total fabrication. written by same people as last discredited story on women. watch 
 why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the "incident" in her story. because it did not happen 
 i will be in cincinnati ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #ohiovotesearly #votetrumppence16 tickets:… https://t.co/bp5ihkbt2d 
 the movement in lakeland florida. voter registration extended to 10/18. register asap @ https://t.co/hfihperfgz &amp;… https://t.co/pygilshrgv 
 the people of cuba have struggled too long. will reverse obama's executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored 
 pay to play politics. #crookedhillary https://t.co/wjsl8itvvk 
 very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks. so dishonest! rigged system 
 crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them 
 thank you florida- a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. lets get out &amp;… https://t.co/t9xm9wfdzi 
 join me thursday in florida &amp; ohio!west palm beach fl at noon:https://t.co/jwbznqhxg9cincinnati oh this 7:30pm:https://t.co/5w2uhalpix 
 wow @cnn town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders. hillary &amp; cnn fraud 
 thank you texas! if you haven't registered to vote- today is your last day. go to: https://t.co/hfihpea3sp &amp; get ou… https://t.co/gxbdrd4x2k 
 voter registration deadlines today. you can register now at: https://t.co/hfihpea3sp and get out to… https://t.co/llfdf0drx4 
 don't let her fool us again. https://t.co/3qsoadfh7s 
 crooked's state dept gave special attention to "friends of bill" after the haiti earthquake. unbelievable! https://t.co/opp2l8ln0j 
 i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks. she is unfit to run 
 in texas now leaving soon for big rally in florida 
 the very foul mouthed sen. john mccain begged for my support during his  primary (i gave he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks 
 13 states have voter registration deadlines today: fl oh pa mi ga tx nm in la tn ar ky sc.register: https://t.co/watnfpn6wl 
 wow. unbelievable. https://t.co/rcbpccmwnd 
 disloyal r's are far more difficult than crooked hillary. they come at you from all sides. they don’t know how to win - i will teach them 
 with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans 
 it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to 
 our very weak and ineffective leader paul ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty 
 despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support 
 thank you pennsylvania. this is a movement like we have never seen before! #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- together… https://t.co/x0197jl5ru 
 is this really america? terrible! https://t.co/wiwc61pifu 
 wow @cnn got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make crooked hillary look better. really pathetic and totally dishonest 
 debate polls look great - thank you!#maga #americafirst https://t.co/4peq3sswdz 
 cnn is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. https://t.co/ofrfny2ruy 
 paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nominee 
 thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. very exciting 
 thank you st. louis missouri!#makeamericagreatagain  https://t.co/2llbltf0me https://t.co/wbmvxf1a9d 
 my pro-growth econ plan:✅eliminate excessive regulations! ✅lean government!✅lower taxes!#debates … https://t.co/ochcnusagr 
 hypocrite: @hillaryclinton is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #bigleaguetruth #debate 
 @ac360: how can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of americans? #deplorables #bigleaguetruth #debate 
 this country cannot take four more years of barack obama! #debate 
 we agree @potus-"she'll (hillary clinton) say anything &amp; change nothing. it's time to turn the page" -president obama 
 if @hillaryclinton is president she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 fact ✔️ on red line in syria: hrc "i wasn’t there." fact: line drawn in aug ’12. hrc secy of state til feb ’13. https://t.co/4yzjh3tr5b 
 in my administration every american will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 we cannot let this evil continue! #debates2016 https://t.co/f6bxyyrjid 
 this is the definition of ransom ⬇ https://t.co/370pii2jlp 
 the world is most peaceful and most prosperous when america is strongest. https://t.co/y2dx7xybbs 
 here are hillary clinton's "accomplishments" at the state department.#debates2016 #rattledhillary https://t.co/iouuqxyadq 
 history lesson: there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln. for one his nickname is hone… https://t.co/a5jdkz1ece 
 we're going to cut taxes big league for the middle class. she's raising your taxes and i'm lowering your taxes!https://t.co/zwikqnh2fx 
 "you need both a public and a private position"@hillaryclinton #debates2016 https://t.co/oi2qi2hado 
 hypocrite! @hillaryclinton claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with wall street banks. #debate 
 i hope when the msm runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… https://t.co/phejp8bzvp 
 @hillaryclinton - its called extreme vetting! #debates2016 https://t.co/ueq7cbog9y 
 @hillaryclinton #icymi- "we are not in a narrative fight."@mike_pence #maga https://t.co/fuqzxlypwy 
 #crookedhillary has failed all over the world! 􏰀 #bigleaguetruth #debates2016 https://t.co/dalk9jkcfg 
 @hillaryclinton is not above the law!#debates2016 https://t.co/4aryzcggyz 
 @hillaryclinton : bill clarified what he meant when calling obamacare a disaster. actually disaster is pretty clear. #debate 
 we must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. #debate #maga 
 obama and clinton told the same lie to sell #obamacare. #debates2016 https://t.co/vholthrr66 
 attn: @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! #bigleaguetruth #debates 
 hillary’s 33000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. that’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate 
 basically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #crookedhillary 
 if i win-i am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies 
 donald j. trump's history of empowering women #bigleaguetruthhttps://t.co/oy2yspz7nb 
 there’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clinton.my words were unfortunate-the clintons’ actions were far worse 
 i’m not proud of my locker room talk. but this world has serious problems. we need serious leaders. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 it’s this simple. make america great again. #debate #bigleaguetruth 
 my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagain 
 join me on #facebooklive as i conclude my final #debate preparations. https://t.co/gabnvi8fd7 
 the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizens....continued:https://t.co/d2upx5fitc 
 exclusive video–broaddrick willey jones to bill's defenders: ‘these are crimes’ ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary https://t.co/dmflsibtu1 
 la times- usc dornsife sunday poll: donald trump retains 2 point lead over hillary:https://t.co/n05rul4ycw 
 so many self-righteous hypocrites. watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down 
 exclusive — video interview: bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes:https://t.co/9j7f8vk9md 
 tremendous support (except for some republican "leadership"). thank you 
 thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin. i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal 
 the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  i will never drop out of the race will never let my supporters down! #maga 
 certainly has been an interesting 24 hours 
 here is my statement. https://t.co/wazigoqqmq 
 thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew. look out for neighbors and listen… https://t.co/jqjytikicd 
 new national rasmussen poll: https://t.co/bnavea5oup 
 thank you tennessee! #maga https://t.co/oodfmerq5b 
 vote #trumppence16 on 11/8/16! https://t.co/12zak8vmgk 
 'donald trump: a president for all americans' https://t.co/3lu2vrue3t 
 volunteer to be a trump election observer. sign up today!#makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/zzfhlswnh4 
 praying for everyone in florida. hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful 
 new virginia poll- thank you! we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger and better and s… https://t.co/2cikexb0g7 
 pennsylvania poll just released. two rallies there on mon- join me!ambridge: https://t.co/tujwdwcgd3wilkes-barre:… https://t.co/teiecttupp 
 nation's immigration and customs enforcement officers (ice) make first-ever presidential endorsement:https://t.co/eo1uy5n9j1 
 such a great honor! https://t.co/vt4amldkep 
 amazing rally in reno nevada- thank you. make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; vote #trumppence16. together we will put… https://t.co/6gpjhb29xk 
 reuters polling just out- thank you!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/umy6koistu 
 thank you south carolina! everyone has to get out and vote on 11/8/16. #makeamericagreatagain… https://t.co/os7emrcdpf 
 early voting: mn &amp; ia already underway more states coming up in the next week: oh me az in — check w/local officials for details &amp; vote 
 'small business says trump is their pick for president'https://t.co/tzvn9qgpfs 
 thank you @senjohnmccain for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media. great to be in arizona yesterday 
 bill clinton is right: obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  thanks bill for telling the truth 
 thank you henderson nv. this is a movement like never seen before! watch some of the rally via my facebook page:… https://t.co/dnf8g4vuqy 
 about to begin a rally here in henderson nevada. new reuters poll just out- thank you! join the movement:… https://t.co/uvbntnsxgl 
 beautiful morning- thank you @iclv! https://t.co/xzjhrlgjhp 
 the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed. mike pence won big 
 mike pence won big. we should all be proud of mike 
 clinton’s top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department: https://t.co/wwfdaectvu#vpdebate #bigleaguetruth 
 @hillaryclinton’s careless use of a secret server put national security at risk: https://t.co/oiaemnrgcy #vpdebate#bigleaguetruth 
 clinton is weak on north korea:https://t.co/8prednmnfx #vpdebate 
 clinton’s close ties to putin deserve scrutiny:https://t.co/wpym5vqoyt #vpdebate 
 sanctions relief from clinton-obama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists:https://t.co/lm80jrif9k #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate 
 @timkaine is wrong for defense: https://t.co/qn9qqoq1kh #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate 
 icymi: pence: i ran a state that worked; kaine ran a state that failed. https://t.co/xuwauenkh0 
 @timkaine is the anti-defense senator. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth https://t.co/qwkvgfara1 
 clinton’s flailing syria policy was judged a failure:https://t.co/iczxn7q3vz #vpdebate 
 @mike_pence and i will defeat #isis.https://t.co/ociidwtptv #vpdebate 
 what they are saying about mike pence dominating the debate:https://t.co/muw9s5ggnm #vpdebate 
 i agree mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #vpdebate "police officers are the best of us..."@mike_pence 
 @hillaryclinton sneers at millions of average americans.https://t.co/gefurjrcfu #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth 
 @timkaine oversaw unemployment increase by 179249 while @mike_pence decreased unemployment in indiana by 113826.… https://t.co/wfqm8kg287 
 @mike_pence is doing a great job - so far no contest 
 @megynkelly- i am in nevada. sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience. better luck next time 
 both are looking good! now we begin 
 here we go - enjoy 
 i will be live-tweeting the v.p. debate. very exciting! make america great again 
 wow @cnn is so negative. their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. i'm turning to @foxnews where we get a fair shake! mike will do great 
 wow did you just hear bill clinton's statement on how bad obamacare is. hillary not happy. as i have been saying repeal and replace 
 join the movement!https://t.co/3kwol20zmm https://t.co/bs5jlelpjd 
 thank you arizona! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before. together we are going to make america safe… https://t.co/ewp4hnaeoe 
 my childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #americafirst means… https://t.co/x3yn3fzphf 
 i will be watching the great governor @mike_pence and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! enjoy 
 join me in reno nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #americafirst #magatickets: https://t.co/dj7jjukkz7 
 join me in reno nevada on wednesday at 3:30pm at the reno-sparks convention center! #magatickets:… https://t.co/g0nvflqwgs 
 thank you colorado! #magahttps://t.co/3kwol20zmmhttps://t.co/m7qhdcgrzw https://t.co/wigntkpa2x 
 we must bring the truth directly to hard-working americans who want to take our country back. #bigleaguetruth… https://t.co/0iaeipyeho 
 thank you pueblo colorado! #trumprally #americafirsthttps://t.co/3kwol20zmm https://t.co/rfaf7xynhy 
 join me in henderson nevada on wednesday at 11:30am! #maga tickets: https://t.co/pwtyv9bbue 
 just announced that iraq (u.s.) is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul. why do they have to announce this? makes mission much harder 
 melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states in israel and around the world 
 bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters 
 i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity. hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj 
 i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes 
 heading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. we will make america great again 
 wow just saw the really bad @cnn ratings. people don't want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary 
 the so-called commission on presidential debates admitted to us that the djt audio &amp; sound level was very bad. so why didn't they fix it 
 i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. this despite the really bad microphone 
 crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors. owned by wall st and politicians hrc is not with you. https://t.co/wn1lycdxla 
 i believe in #americafirst and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… https://t.co/rcnzzttk4c 
 thank you novi michigan! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8. together we will make america great again!… https://t.co/n7gd6xc18h 
 thank you for your support - on my way now! see you soon. #trumptrain https://t.co/syurpzosb5 
 join me in pueblo colorado on monday afternoon at 3pm! #trumprallyhttps://t.co/3p3qzxzspj 
 for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know i will be there awake to answer the call 
 why isn't hillary 50 points ahead? maybe it's the email scandal policies that spread isis or calling millions of… https://t.co/ykz9vcz8o1 
 the people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the dallas &amp; arizona papers &amp; now usa today will lose readers! the people get it 
 remember don't believe "sources said" by the very dishonest media. if they don't name the sources the sources don't exist 
 did crooked hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) alicia m become a u.s. citizen so she could use her in the debate 
 using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement! hillary was set up by a con 
 wow crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u. hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past which is terrible 
 anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said" do not believe it. there are no sources they are just made up lies 
 wow did you see how badly @cnn (clinton news network) is doing in the ratings. with people like @donlemon who could expect any more 
 while hillary profits off the rigged system i am fighting for you! remember the simple phrase: #followthemoney… https://t.co/8mvinc82e9 
 thank you for joining me this afternoon new hampshire! will be back soon. #followthemoneyspeech transcript:… https://t.co/vtukdgf4vs 
 join me in manheim pennsylvania on saturday at 7pm! #trumprallytickets: https://t.co/adogw34ctf https://t.co/lnwqz9yujy 
 my condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders 
 will be in novi michigan this friday at 5:00pm. join the movement! tickets available at: https://t.co/q6apf0zfya… https://t.co/6wayo9eqhn 
 join me in bedford new hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. can't wait to see everyone! #americafirst #maga… https://t.co/oeojfas7it 
 thank you waukesha wisconsin! full transcript of my speech #followthemoney:https://t.co/xb1yydsnnf https://t.co/wdkk6njczw 
 joining @oreillyfactor from waukesha wisconsin - now live! enjoy 
 join me live in waukesha wisconsin for an 8pme rally! #americafirst #magahttps://t.co/g8kglsfy6s 
 thank you council bluffs iowa! will be back soon. remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just… https://t.co/45kihxdx83 
 an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning! #imwithyou video:… https://t.co/lbfhowrqox 
 melania and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres...https://t.co/xegyl2izup 
 join me in council bluffs iowa- today at 3pm! #makeamericagreatagain tickets: https://t.co/irl3xh37gf 
 every on-line poll time magazine drudge etc. has me winning the debate. thank you to fox &amp; friends for so reporting 
 my supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who know what we can be again! shatter the record: https://t.co/8zhgyoth0f 
 unbelievable evening in melbourne florida w/ 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. tha… https://t.co/vu5wh2zxbu 
 join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the mid-america center in council bluffs iowa! tickets:… https://t.co/dfzsbicixc 
 once again we will have a government of by and for the people. join the movement today! https://t.co/lwjydbphav https://t.co/uywjrtzkae 
 hillary clinton's campaign continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure: https://t.co/zhkefuouhh 
 'cnbc time magazine online polls say donald trump won the first presidential debate' via @washtimes. #magahttps://t.co/pgimqykpoj 
 great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders. thank you for your support! #imwithyou https://t.co/vxwz2tyjtf 
 in the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13m from online donations and national call day and we’re still going! thank you america! #maga 
 well now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum but last night the big debate. nice 
 thank you for your endorsement @governorsununu. #maga https://t.co/8beeqpsuyd 
 such a great honor. final debate polls are in - and the movement wins!#americafirst #maga #imwithyou… https://t.co/dv1bkmwhem 
 'u.s. murders increased 10.8% in 2015' via @wsj: https://t.co/cijmqjhlqp 
 thank you! #trumpwon #maga https://t.co/a5rr1i38km 
 hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change 
 'true blue-collar billionaire donald trump shows hillary clinton is out of touch' https://t.co/nho1oicfvm 
 the #1 trend on twitter right now is #trumpwon - thank you 
 i won every poll from last nights presidential debate - except for the little watched @cnn poll 
 'how trump won over a bar full of undecideds and democrats'https://t.co/wwo39kxn8y 
 i really enjoyed the debate last night.crooked hillary says she is going to do so many things.why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years 
 great debate poll numbers - i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. enjoy 
 thank you! four new #debatenight polls with the movement winning. together we will make america safe &amp; great again… https://t.co/39fcnuf8pb 
 @drudge_report's first presidential debate poll:trump: 80%clinton: 20%join the movement today &amp; lets #maga!… https://t.co/b12lgc97tn 
 thank you! cnbc #debatenight poll with over 400000 votes. trump 61%clinton 39%#americafirst #imwithyou… https://t.co/mj3nwa98op 
 time #debatenight poll - over 800000 votes. thank you! #americafirst #maga https://t.co/btpx9e0wku 
 @newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for trump." nice 
 wow did great in the debate polls (except for @cnn - which i don't watch). thank you 
 thank you governor @terrybranstad! #americafirst #debates2016 https://t.co/yiezctdqy8 
 thank you governor @mike_pence!lets make america safe and great again with the american people. #americafirst… https://t.co/6k7qp9x8nc 
 thank you senator @tedcruz!#debates2016 #maga https://t.co/cgo6109usj 
 @hillaryclinton’s nuclear agreement paved the way for the $400 million ransom payment #debatenighthttps://t.co/qfztx6akys 
 nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on #benghazi. #debates2016 #debatenight 
 @hillaryclinton - obama #isis strategy has allowed it to expand to become a global threat #debatenight https://t.co/f7pctde31l 
 russia has more warheads than ever n korea is testing nukes and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. thanks @hillaryclinton 
 hillary clinton failed all over the world. ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi… https://t.co/ooakxs2rij 
 hillary clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war. #debates2016 #maga https://t.co/um5wjxeekr 
 @hillaryclinton's 2008 campaign and supporters trafficked in rumors about obama's heritage #debatenight https://t.co/6eeoaacinv 
 i will stand with police and protect all americans! #debates2016 #maga https://t.co/cx4oewgemp 
 this is the simple fact about @hillaryclinton: she is a typical politician - all talk no action. #debates2016 
 hillary's bad tax habit! https://t.co/x3fby8hdq2 
 a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #debatenight https://t.co/oflaahrwe5 
 @hillaryclinton has been part of the rigged dc system for 30 years? why would we take policy advice from her? #debates2016 
 instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… https://t.co/02nmqn3znq 
 @hillaryclinton channels john kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #tpp #debates2016 
 @hillaryclinton and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years 
 why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?#debatenight https://t.co/iux7icikat 
 my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate. tune in!#debatenight #trumppence16 
 new national bloomberg poll just released - thank you! join the movement: https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw. #trumptrain… https://t.co/xdgcwyvk0q 
 really sad news: the great arnold palmer the "king" has died. there was no-one like him - a true champion! he will be truly missed 
 five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant. many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses. n.c. riots 
 readout of my meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu:https://t.co/vhuye65hgi https://t.co/6kdprqxsed 
 looking forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10:00 a.m 
 bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. that issue has only gotten bigger 
 many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade a lot 
 thank you roanoke virginia - this a movement - join us today!sign up: https://t.co/nqegrxqn2m#americafirst… https://t.co/rz3dkpbqju 
 if dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him 
 will be back in virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the berglund center in roanoke. join me! tickets:… https://t.co/6pqmsgpwun 
 the @sentedcruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. i greatly appreciate his support! we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th 
 today is the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga… https://t.co/4iw06rovst 
 crooked hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand. dem pols said no way dumb 
 join me in roanoke virginia tomorrow at the berglund center- coliseum ~ 6pm! tickets available at:… https://t.co/bnee6nx41z 
 'how trump would stimulate the u.s. economy'https://t.co/ju3hhglniu 
 hillary clinton just lost every republican she ever had including never trump all farmers &amp; sm. biz by saying she’ll tax estates at 65% 
 tomorrow's the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga… https://t.co/05ny0wjhkl 
 spoke with governor @patmccrorync of north carolina today. he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances 
 this is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #makeamericagreatagainsign up today &amp; we will win! https://t.co/2xbs5ssrc3 
 join me in roanoke virginia on saturday evening at 6pm! #magahttps://t.co/ukg55pznwu 
 will be on @foxandfriends now 
 i will be interviewed from cleveland ohio on @seanhannity - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy 
 @youngdems4trump  thank you 
 great new polls! thank you nevada north carolina &amp; ohio. join the movement today &amp; lets #maga!… https://t.co/y8sb8mnyxa 
 thank you toledo ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8 2016! lets make america safe… https://t.co/mqdp4gglie 
 hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured get well soon. we need unity &amp; leadership 
 the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again 
 it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind changing our future. together we will make america saf… https://t.co/lt2l3nkzyi 
 thank you kenansville north carolina! remember- on november 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a… https://t.co/aysjrmzvkw 
 thank you high point nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; i will fight to bring us together… https://t.co/dsaupsptbz 
 hillary clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate 
 heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong 
 do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning 
 thank you nevada! #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/rjqhgq2rn0 
 thank you georgia! #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/y01qpon7h7 
 crooked hillary has been fighting isis or whatever she has been doing for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change 
 amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw. https://t.co/bf1iqpxnho 
 together we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/xhwugw0v2h 
 i will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from florida now. enjoy 
 philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton ‘blew the police off' https://t.co/atby343ps1 
 hillary clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: https://t.co/e5bdtiwlur 
 once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system 
 great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don't have a country 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 a.m.  enjoy 
 terrible attacks in ny nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims their families and all americans! we need to be strong 
 under the leadership of obama &amp; clinton americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook 
 happy birthday - to the united states air force!! https://t.co/5gwi1m5r2t 
 i would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc 
 never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses including obama 
 heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good 
 my lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no (for now) but they are watching. really disgusting 
 the failing @nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag 
 crazy maureen dowd the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes pretends she knows me well--wrong 
 wacky @nytimesdowd who hardly knows me makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope 
 @cnn just doesn't get it and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists mostly losers in life 
 i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster 
 crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not 
 my thoughts and prayers go out to the @phillypolice &amp; @penn police officers- in philadelphia. https://t.co/eyc3w1mwey 
 "donald trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"https://t.co/zvvqnxeiq9 
 a very interesting take from @katiepavlich: https://t.co/xam9yeychl 
 just arrived in texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them 
 just leaving miami for houston oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic 
 great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will #maga. thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget! https://t.co/5qtdiju3hn 
 i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes...https://t.co/s9bvbysior https://t.co/jjqncd3zhf 
 i am now going to the brand new trump international hotel d.c. for a major statement 
 thank you for a great evening - laconia new hampshire -- will be back soon! #americafirsthttps://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/qwbym2ly7b 
 instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world's great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! https://t.co/cvu20zqsvj 
 will be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy 
 i will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. enjoy 
 full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the economic club of new york. #maga https://t.co/xiu9auissd https://t.co/fsy1dipwju 
 thank you @jerryjrfalwell! https://t.co/jzuqxkw4tb 
 thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america! #lesm #maga https://t.co/mcbc2jzhn2 https://t.co/4mtmr8kxvb 
 thank you for having me! i enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. see you soon. #maga https://t.co/ents7ibpdo 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy 
 i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq = disaster. we can do much better 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. enjoy 
 great poll out of nevada- thank you! see you soon. #maga #americafirsthttps://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/27sr3mjjxc 
 great evening in canton ohio-thank you! we are going to make america great again! join us: https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/4mvwuj9ex9 
 honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in detroit last week - tune in at 9pme. enjoy! https://t.co/9ahpnfhq5n 
 thank you ohio! just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center. join me at 7pm: https://t.co/s0xvvnybkf https://t.co/utcrxykurw 
 thank you florida- can't wait to see you friday in miami! join me:https://t.co/rsx313493u https://t.co/jxswxz05t9 
 thank you @atfd17! #imwithyouvideo: https://t.co/z9yg83vtf4 
 great poll florida - thank you! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/6odle7j1hd 
 thank you ohio - see you tonight! https://t.co/0dyhkzzwvj 
 russia took crimea during the so-called obama years. who wouldn't know this and why does obama get a free pass 
 why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton 
 thank you rep. @cynthialummis!https://t.co/4s4pnx4q6r https://t.co/pluklspxpr 
 thank you rep. @marshablackburn!https://t.co/vxek0x4nts https://t.co/9gak0fwqz8 
 thank you @repreneeellmers!https://t.co/1drzpfa6je https://t.co/rzew8pqhds 
 child care reforms that will make america great again!transcript: https://t.co/rntyxbsb9jhttps://t.co/5swmxfvfto https://t.co/j389quo4bg 
 #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/ne4pi7fyu7 
 thank you clive iowa!https://t.co/tuz35bkd9j 
 join us today! together we will #makeamericagreatagain!https://t.co/v40n8rxgti https://t.co/e3kqfbr2k8 
 heading to iowa- join me today at noon! #makeamericagreatagaintickets: https://t.co/tey6bbcyxt https://t.co/qyr2mdyybz 
 join me in clive iowa tomorrow at noon! #americafirst #magatickets: https://t.co/tey6bbcyxt https://t.co/l17uzrpyls 
 just got back from asheville  north carolina where we had a massive rally. the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. thank you!  #maga 
 stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! https://t.co/ogcjl4n454 
 will be on @cnbc at @7:22. enjoy 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m 
 #neverforgethttps://t.co/g5tmauzy0z 
 the seriously failing @nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits 
 hillary clinton just had her 47% moment. what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans 
 while hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me i still respect them all 
 really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad. lindsey graham romney flake sass. supreme court remember 
 wow hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. i think it will cost her at the polls 
 will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman phyllis s 
 just returned from pensacola florida where the crowd was incredible 
 i havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years he hardly knows me. never liked his style. super lib crooked h supporter. irrelevant dope 
 dummy writer @tonyschwartz who wanted to do a second book with me for years (i said no) is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted 
 thank you florida - we are going to make america great again! join us: https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw. #americafirst https://t.co/vzktrxzvwv 
 will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from pensacola florida 
 thank you ohio. together we will make america great again!https://t.co/3kwol20zmm https://t.co/n026ne4xip 
 great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful @gov_gilmore of va. a state that i very much want to win-thx jim! https://t.co/x4y1tafhvn 
 make america great again!#americafirst #imwithyou https://t.co/jilnw7myen 
 henry mcmaster lt. governor of south carolina who endorsed me beat failed @cnn announcer bakari sellers so badly. funny 
 jeff zucker failed @nbc and he is now failing @cnn 
 @cnn is unwatchable. their news on me is fiction. theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign 
 the documentary of me that @cnn just aired is a total waste of time. i don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. a joke 
 final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you! #imwithyou #maga https://t.co/c5ipaxun7b 
 it wasn't matt lauer that hurt hillary last night. it was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail 
 more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum. #americafirst #trumptrain https://t.co/fxybl6fo1h 
 last nights results - in poll taken by nbc. #americafirst #imwithyou https://t.co/sconny1fl3 
 with luis mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together - where both mexico and the us would have benefitted 
 mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto 
 hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. she is totally confused. unfit to serve as #potus 
 hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. she's being decimated by the media 
 "a rough night for hillary clinton"  abc news 
 wow reviews are in - thank you 
 coming up @genflynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends 
 thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night 
 thank you america - great #commanderinchiefforum polls! https://t.co/rcu6kargcb 
 thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice 
 thank you peter - if elected i will think big for our country &amp; never let the american people down! #americafirst https://t.co/6nwu7emj9d 
 wow - thank you pensacola fl. see you friday at 7pm -- join me!https://t.co/jco7za78tv https://t.co/lympryy0hq 
 #americafirst! https://t.co/fqgxwajxd7 
 'donald trump leads hillary clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll' #americafirst #magahttps://t.co/5fmxgtlkwt 
 i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pme @foxnews. enjoy 
 thank you north carolina- get out &amp; #votetrump on 11/8/2016!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/hx2lrys4vq 
 great meeting with military spouses in virginia- joined by @ivankatrump @laraleatrump @genflynn &amp; @mayorrgiuliani. https://t.co/00gnh9nlet 
 thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. #imwithyou https://t.co/rmqjt0wxcq 
 join me in pensacola florida this friday at 7pm! #votetrump https://t.co/l8ui56dcrj https://t.co/0cidcuofeo 
 thank you! #votetrump #imwithyou https://t.co/sceq9lqttj 
 mainstream media never covered hillary’s massive hackingor coughing attack yet it is #1 trending. what’s up 
 thank you! #americafirst https://t.co/6v4c8ykdvl 
 as a tribute to the late great phyllis schlafly i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book the conservative case for trump 
 china wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama "the son of a whore." terrible 
 the truly great phyllis schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. she was very special 
 thank you ohio! #americafirst https://t.co/p68gajdhwu 
 heading to youngstown ohio now- some great polls. #americafirst https://t.co/cgwdlsofut 
 thank you american legion post 610- for hosting @mike_pence &amp; i for a roundtable with labor leaders. #laborday #maga https://t.co/r0cwjlv38l 
 #laborday #americafirstvideo: https://t.co/rnl7cfzkmn https://t.co/zqrtbv4kri 
 can you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! https://t.co/falds5zzi5 
 president obama &amp; putin fail to reach deal on syria - so what else is new? obama is not a natural deal maker. only makes bad deals 
 lyin' hillary clinton told the fbi that she did not know the "c" markings on documents stood for classified. how can this be happening 
 to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. i will fix it vote "t" 
 the polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails 
 the great state of arizona where i just had a massive rally (amazing people) has a very weak and ineffective senator jeff flake. sad 
 the republican party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as @jeffflake if it is going to stop illegal immigration 
 crooked hillary's v.p. pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea. a total lie - and taken over during o term 
 wow the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on crooked's fbi release. they are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source 
 @cnn is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals 
 great visit to detroit church fantastic reception and all @cnn talks about is a small protest outside. inside a large and wonderful crowd 
 i am returning to the pensacola bay center in florida- friday 9/9/16 at 7pm. join me! https://t.co/l8ui56dcrj https://t.co/waeplfs0jl 
 thank you great faith ministries international bishop wayne t. jackson and detroit!https://t.co/4ucx678zcc 
 #imwithyou https://t.co/i8dhzezmy4 
 #americafirst #imwithyou https://t.co/gtl7dyqkzt 
 great new poll iowa - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou https://t.co/7hupah1rqn 
 i visited our trump tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from ohio and arizona and it was packed with great pros - win 
 people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov. 8. we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to #maga 
 just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @morning_joe. joe a mess 
 i will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. enjoy 
 i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio! #imwithyou https://t.co/tugccsxvoy 
 thank you for having me this morning @americanlegion. i enjoyed my time with everyone! #alconvention2016 https://t.co/19tzei6ebb 
 poll numbers way up - making big progress 
 thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. thank you also to the great people of arizona 
 mexico will pay for the wall 
 under a trump administration it's called #americafirst! #imwithyouhttps://t.co/qfhfcqg0wa 
 hillary clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to make america great again! #americafirsthttps://t.co/g1mulrjhw9 
 there will be no amnesty!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/vvhzsdcbla 
 mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/psfupzz0xp 
 just arrived in arizona! #imwithyouhttps://t.co/mt3ww61ys5 
 great trip to mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting 
 hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again 
 former president vicente fox who is railing against my visit to mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb." 
 thank you washington! together we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/cwdqnisyh4 
 i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto of mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow 
 thank you north carolina! #maga https://t.co/1owrfnhe0u 
 thank you america! #magahttps://t.co/fljbvvbwkr https://t.co/epjw9jlckm 
 from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border and much more. stop illegal immigration. watch wednesday 
 join me this thursday in wilmington ohio at noon! #imwithyoutickets: https://t.co/66bfvtiwf1 https://t.co/fdajl5wvge 
 join me this wednesday in phoenix arizona at 6pm! #imwithyoutickets: https://t.co/1jatilh2k7 https://t.co/vwknxo1tnq 
 #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou https://t.co/ioymdjvwhf 
 we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #obamacare! https://t.co/yzrtprqrnc 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/vxhcc8papy 
 now that african-americans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want trump 
 crooked hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by bernie s she has bad judgement 
 does anyone know that crooked hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the bar exams in washington d.c. she was forced to go elsewhere 
 inner-city crime is reaching record levels. african-americans will vote for trump because they know i will stop the slaughter going on 
 look how bad it is getting! how much more crime how many more shootings will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe 
 i will be making a major speech on illegal immigration on wednesday in the great state of arizona. big crowds looking for a larger venue 
 i think that both candidates crooked hillary and myself should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary 
 today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity 
 thank you arizona! #votetrump https://t.co/v8vlxdd0fo 
 join me tuesday in everett washington at the xfinity arena! tickets: https://t.co/abqgysdcyt https://t.co/sn08gnd0lq 
 national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillionaugust 2016 = $19.4 trillion https://t.co/dkavalfgaj 
 it was an honor to have the amazing root family join me in iowa. i have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. https://t.co/p4qvgguyvz 
 thank you iowa! #imwithyou https://t.co/3bif6jbtkk 
 just landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator @joniernst. look forward to being with all of my friends 
 my condolences to dwyane wade and his family on the loss of nykea aldridge. they are in my thoughts and prayers 
 dwyane wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago. just what i have been saying. african-americans will vote trump 
 heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest. coming in from our southern border. we need strong border &amp; wall 
 new polls - join the movement today.https://t.co/3kwol20zmm #imwithyou https://t.co/numii7w99t 
 join us via our new #americafirst app! #trumppence16 https://t.co/fcclqsckdy https://t.co/0angxb2bri 
 will be in phoenix arizona on wednesday. changing venue to much larger one. demand is unreal. polls looking great! #imwithyou 
 thank you @teamtrump florida. keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#makeamericagreatagain  https://t.co/lseaaqxja9 
 i will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @foxnews. #enjoy 
 army training slide lists hillary clinton as insider threat: https://t.co/cqtso2etjf 
 meet the ‘trumpocrats’: lifelong democrats breaking w/ party over hillary to support donald trump for president: https://t.co/g2n3jjwv8a 
 "hillary clinton deleted emails using program intended to prevent recovery" #crookedhillary https://t.co/d0mebjxbwn 
 how quickly people forget that crooked hillary called african-american youth "super predators" - has she apologized 
 i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. such a big problem for our country-i will solve 
 wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @msnbc by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @morning_joe. apologize 
 what do african-americans and hispanics have to lose by going with me. look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. i will fix it 
 crooked hillary will never be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the african-american &amp; hispanic communities 
 the clinton's are the real predators...https://t.co/fr0gftzvvz 
 "hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign." #flashbackfriday https://t.co/mjqp0rcnzh 
 clinton corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities. full speech transcript: https://t.co/npswt6lbg3 
 hillary clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. no policy and always very short (stamina). media gives her a pass 
 hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!https://t.co/fnbcmmwltn 
 hillary clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action 
 hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself 
 just watched recap of #crookedhillary's speech. very short and lies. she is the only one fear-mongering 
 so many in the african-american community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: i will fix it promise 
 poll numbers are starting to look very good. leading in florida @cnn arizona and big jump in utah. all numbers rising national way up. wow 
 thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail 
 great governor @mike_pence is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. true leadership 
 will be on #hannity @ 10pe @foxnews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will #buildthewall &amp; enforce our laws 
 thank you for your support!#americafirst #imwithyou https://t.co/n8fshwyt2g 
 a great afternoon in tampa florida. thank you! #trumppence16 https://t.co/k5mbacnfr1 
 new national poll released. join the movement &amp; together we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/rnu1fkn274 
 great new poll florida - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/7tkpe388bc 
 i will not let the families of the remembrance project down! #makeamericasafeagainhttps://t.co/emusftg6rphttps://t.co/fhpr44wixx 
 my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar 
 thank you travis county texas!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/zbnyznb0eo 
 will be participating in a town hall tonight on @seanhannity at 10pme from austin texas. enjoy! https://t.co/8zbneb0pgk 
 in austin texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents. i will not let them down! https://t.co/u28hnptjm9 https://t.co/7imvh69fnb 
 join me in tampa florida- tomorrow at 1pme! tickets: https://t.co/iweaiwkgtr https://t.co/llyaw6nxsp 
 president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago instead of golfing. too little too late 
 hillary clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of the state department. lie 
 it is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact  that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history 
 i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a @foxnews special on the border and with victims of border crime 
 the @washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. don't buy boring 
 @anncoulter's new book 'in trump we trust comes out tomorrow. people are saying it's terrific - knowing ann i am sure it is 
 just leaving akron ohio after a packed rally. amazing people! going now to texas 
 great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the fraternal order of police lodge in akron ohio. https://t.co/euwhdc644r 
 statement on clinton foundation:https://t.co/2twuzrb9om 
 will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. eastern. enjoy 
 some day when things calm down i'll tell the real story of @joenbc and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. two clowns 
 tried watching low-rated @morning_joe this morning  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess 
 i heard that @morning_joe was very nice on friday but that little donny d a big failure in tv (&amp; someone i helped) was nasty. irrelevant 
 crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on wall street. media is protecting her 
 i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. something very big is happening 
 together we are going to make america safe and great again!https://t.co/putn4kfhdk 
 we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams. #maga 
 will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again! #trumppence16 https://t.co/iu4jpsi0rz 
 will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at 9:00 p.m. enjoy 
 just leaving virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm 
 thank you @jerryjrfalwell- will see you soon. #trumppence16 https://t.co/epfsjckckq 
 @franklin_graham @billynungesser @samaritanspurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. you are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. https://t.co/i6xgsezlwv 
 we are one nation. when one hurts we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.#standwithlouisiana https://t.co/ob7j2obwhq 
 #whereshillary? sleeping 
 thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again! #trumppence16 https://t.co/vp3eqf3zbb 
 great job by @erictrump on interview with @billhemmer on @foxnews. #imwithyou #trumptrain 
 thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night 
 the reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. fortunately it is a dying newspaper 
 thank you to nc for last evenings great reception. the speech was a great success. heading now to louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in mi 
 we are one nation. when one state hurts we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up. https://t.co/xodkw5x3wy 
 thank you charlotte north carolina!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/y19nukkytc 
 together we will make america great again! https://t.co/aenuivrurs 
 #crookedhillary #throwbackthursday https://t.co/v8j0r64j7h 
 they will soon be calling me mr. brexit 
 i will be doing a town hall tonight at 10:00 p.m. on @seanhannity - @foxnews 
 will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews. enjoy! https://t.co/7nreqym7ff 
 we are going to make this a government of the people once again!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/fi7yeb2xqb 
 we will repeal &amp; replace #obamacare which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. it is a disaster! https://t.co/nnmytjo6i6 
 a vote for hillary clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime &amp; lost opportunities. #imwithyouhttps://t.co/eph6qy7zyb 
 #makeamericasafeagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/n9xnogncqc 
 thank you governor @scottwalker &amp; @gop chairman @reince priebus. #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/idjbuakmwk 
 join me in north carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #imwithyou tickets: https://t.co/vdag45zrdc 
 #lawandorder #imwithyouvideo: https://t.co/aia2z9po2h https://t.co/qqsfofgdap 
 #lawandorder #imwithyoutranscript: https://t.co/ylatgi2ph6 
 will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme - delivering an important speech live from wisconsin. #makeamericagreatagain 
 just as we won the cold war in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....cont: https://t.co/sxp7efxezu 
 this is my pledge to the american people: https://t.co/jb21oynfxt 
 'it's just a 2-point race clinton 38% trump 36%' https://t.co/ezdzj4ezin 
 another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #obamacare plans.' only the beginning! https://t.co/yqfaevg8c3 
 #americasmerkel https://t.co/qfrs4beuc1 
 "clinton refugee plan could bring in 620000 refugees in first term at lifetime cost of over $400 billion." https://t.co/cozqnt6kvs 
 #makeamericasafeagain https://t.co/bgbgpakaqi 
 certain republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the u.s.supreme court get proper appointments. sad 
 "stay on message" is the chant. i always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd a repeal ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents 
 i have always been the same person-remain true to self.the media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so 
 it is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false 
 i am not only fighting crooked hillary i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it 
 crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media. she is not a talented person or politician. the dishonest media refuses to expose 
 my rallies are not covered properly by the media. they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm 
 if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words i say i would be beating hillary by 20% 
 the failing @nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change. false i am who i am-never said 
 the failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. their reporting is fiction. the media protects hillary 
 we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - pay-for-play. how can she run for pres 
 i am truly enjoying myself while running for president. the people of our country are amazing - great numbers on november 8th 
 the failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. very dishonest 
 will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm hosted by @govmikehuckabee. enjoy 
 thank you erie pennsylvania! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/5hzp7pnrot 
 unbelievable support in florida last night - thank you! #maga https://t.co/wndaagfrrs 
 we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let's make america great again! https://t.co/akihqw4ljd 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. https://t.co/mjtscp4sz2 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/vzzz6m5k9t 
 i'm with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/xi4qjds5fp 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  we must put #americafirst. https://t.co/r751ufhq0a 
 isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts 
 i love watching these poor pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. they can't 
 a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clinton's agenda. what a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday 
 ratings challenged @cnn reports so seriously that i call president obama (and clinton) "the founder" of isis &amp; mvp. they don't get sarcasm 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/uhigj6pe3e 
 i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again! https://t.co/fskof0jz9k 
 will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. enjoy 
 this is no surprise. constant phony reporting from failing @cnn turns everyone off. the american people get it! https://t.co/a1a6xmfyx1 
 thank you fort lauderdale florida. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/cjivzdrpu1 
 great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber 
 reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my campaign. made up story by @cnn is a hoax. totally dishonest 
 #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/8rwz6p1ged 
 thank you abingdon virginia! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/g7ivluiyf2 https://t.co/rqukd6sjno 
 no such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @cnn 
 great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the virginia coal industry- thank you! #magahttps://t.co/wnpvlq6oe4 https://t.co/32gdx684ew 
 i will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. enjoy! https://t.co/9yicuxd87d 
 my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county arkansas. #lesm 
 morning joe's weakness is its low ratings. i don't watch anymore but i heard he went wild against rudy giuliani and #2a - sad &amp; irrelevant 
 @dbongino  you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on @cnn. don lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock 
 media desperate to distract from clinton's anti-2a stance. i said pro-2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution 
 when is the media going to talk about hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like libya open borders and maybe her emails 
 thank you senator @chuckgrassley! #trumppence16https://t.co/ymdh3fcaew 
 thank you @senatorfischer! #trumppence16https://t.co/rmtu6arztq 
 thank you wilmington north carolina!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/znnaspf5or 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. https://t.co/rblii8rifo 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. https://t.co/fwu0jmcb1m 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. https://t.co/szaygwbchk 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. https://t.co/j3nzuvprui 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc.  https://t.co/4ccxay5zno 
 act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump &amp; tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. https://t.co/dda0czwdyf 
 i am running against the washington insiders just like i did in the republican primaries. these are the people that have made u.s. a mess 
 will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now 
 being in detroit today was wonderful. quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. just got back home 
 'as senator clinton promised 200000 jobs in upstate new york - her efforts fell flat.' https://t.co/i2wqzb5n8p https://t.co/i5s3mtjwpe 
 many people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the u.s. because of hillary clinton's hacked emails 
 thank you newt!  https://t.co/acg0hmvrpr 
 thank you congressman steven palazzo! https://t.co/r5z4cgfjqj https://t.co/xgsijjqigj 
 thank you senator david perdue!https://t.co/d0dcuz20jf https://t.co/lmfigbyfpb 
 thank you @reploubarletta!https://t.co/bre8u93vac https://t.co/ektsxuw51r 
 thank you @nfib- together we will #makeamericagreatagain!  https://t.co/wqqihqksdk 
 thank you!  https://t.co/4p0hzpkvwf 
 thank you alex!  https://t.co/c2uia7mndp 
 my economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 p.m. enjoy 
 join me in fayetteville north carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. tickets now available at: https://t.co/z80d4myig8 
 #icymi: "will media apologize to trump?" https://t.co/ia7rkbmioa 
 michael morell the lightweight former acting director of c.i.a. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total clinton flunky 
 the media is going crazy. they totally distort so many things on purpose. crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. very dishonest 
 i see where mayor stephanie rawlings-blake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard. look at the job she has done in baltimore. she is a joke 
 thank you windham new hampshire! #trumppence16 #maga https://t.co/zl4q01q49s 
 @larry_kudlow - 'donald trump is the middle-class growth candidate'https://t.co/ybqkhwnm0g 
 i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win 
 #crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president! #trumppence16 https://t.co/i0zjo2szkk 
 heading to new hampshire - will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited and other things 
 limited edition signed copies of my book "the art of the deal" for your donation of $184 or more. get yours today! https://t.co/wzse7sogug 
 limited edition signed copies of my book "the art of the deal" for your donation of $184 or more. get yours today! https://t.co/pvnwkwlfy1 
 anybody whose mind "short circuits" is not fit to be our president! look up the word "brainwashed." 
 crooked hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "short circuited" when answering a question on her e-mails. very dangerous 
 hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. let us all see what happens 
 good luck #teamusa#openingceremony #rio2016 https://t.co/ms8qsqpjph 
 'trump is right about violent crime: it’s on the rise in major cities'https://t.co/xbnz5vktgk 
 thank you green bay wisconsin! governor @mike_pence and i will be back soon. #trumppence16 #maga https://t.co/qsybyrm3ur 
 don't let hillary clinton do it again!#trumppence16https://t.co/1mgkpnzpkf 
 thank you des moines iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support! #maga #trumptrain https://t.co/gr6tgqqmcm 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst.  https://t.co/q96e1npa5d 
 i'm with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/xt3u5my0oc 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! https://t.co/r1ysxdj1wq 
 #makeamericasafeagain https://t.co/5yulkyh8q6 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! https://t.co/ptewtmjxvo 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. https://t.co/ibt9jpyh7p 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/dgmxqyum7s 
 we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let's make america great again! https://t.co/bwxirltpxy 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! https://t.co/4gwahgf8us 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. https://t.co/xcqwghauue 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/ntdm6xfreg 
 we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary.  let's make america great again! https://t.co/fgpfo1nwic 
 i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again!  https://t.co/c7ekrgn9jx 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! https://t.co/laudwgo1ax 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. https://t.co/gmyewngo2y 
 we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary.  let's make america great again! https://t.co/u2wqondgqm 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/k1zvnc3yac 
 i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again! https://t.co/0kl9mcboru 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! https://t.co/98vtqu4i7n 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst.  https://t.co/jmgaetgw6u 
 we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary.  let's make america great again! https://t.co/j7iczn3bus 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/eb6jr4nbj3 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/im2j6xxq1u 
 i'm with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again!  https://t.co/wotyvx6prz 
 i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let's make america great again! https://t.co/z3pzkbfp0u 
 hillary clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president.https://t.co/3ezg620fpt 
 the plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to iran 
 president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding.  i won't dodge questions as your president. https://t.co/jsamgo3s4p 
 obama's disastrous judgment gave us isis rise of iran and the worst economic numbers since the great depression 
 president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie 
 see you tomorrow w/ gov. @mike_pence iowa &amp; wisconsin! 3pm- https://t.co/3hcnzj0slx7pm- https://t.co/sewlwkn1sz https://t.co/uodsmp0oto 
 thank you portland maine! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/ovff28rwl5 https://t.co/rhblaxknpw 
 happy 226th birthday to the united states coast guard. thank you @uscg! #coastguardday https://t.co/hr4o8xgq2r 
 great meeting all of you. this group knocked on 50k doors &amp; counting here in maine thank you! @mainegop  https://t.co/iui1f2z9ca 
 looking forward to ia &amp; wi with gov. pence tomorrow. join us! #magahttps://t.co/3hcnzj0slxhttps://t.co/sewlwkn1sz https://t.co/0ei3edqdxb 
 thank you jacksonville florida!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/xrtqjt9woc https://t.co/vsnboqyozs 
 thank you for your support of my candidacy! #maga #imwithyou https://t.co/al5bzlrfyk 
 thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in daytona beach florida! #lesm #maga https://t.co/qoxjf4xzbc 
 thank you daytona beach florida!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/iaclfxe463 
 our incompetent secretary of state hillary clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to iran. scandal 
 there is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. beat crooked h 
 great day in virginia. crowd was fantastic 
 my daughter @ivankatrump will be on @greta tonight at 7pm. enjoy! https://t.co/qysc5plfmy 
 report raises questions about ‘clinton cash’ from russians during ‘reset' https://t.co/vvcazy2zcp 
 president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states 
 #icymi: john podesta’s brother pocketed $180000 from putin’s uranium company: https://t.co/d0lfyiblvx https://t.co/i5ff3didzs 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/xe0i0emxma 
 join me in florida tomorrow! #makeamericagreatagain daytona | 3pm- https://t.co/jbos2s4qgijacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/xsf1kp7r54 
 statement in response to president obama's failed leadership: https://t.co/spgfifuso7 
 thank you virginia! #imwithyou https://t.co/9inch1bvwm 
 limited edition signed copies of my book "the art of the deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  get yours today! https://t.co/4lnzfkrsqz 
 limited edition signed copies of my book "the art of the deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  get yours today!  https://t.co/kpven635sh 
 limited edition signed copies of my book "the art of the deal" for your donation of $184 or more.  get yours today! https://t.co/nnom5ganxd 
 the washington post calls out #crookedhillary for what she really is. a pathological liar! watch that nose grow! https://t.co/fsrugbyuud 
 great afternoon in ohio &amp; a great evening in pennsylvania - departing now. see you tomorrow virginia! https://t.co/jqtqybfpdb 
 just leaving mechanicsburg pa. incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! will be back soon. #maga https://t.co/rbuxfdz5w9 
 vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries. that will end when i win 
 thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated 
 join me in florida on wednesday! daytona &amp; jacksonville:daytona | 3pm- https://t.co/rjjyubwilljacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/zfxenbr1nq 
 during the gop convention cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. they don’t want them heard. https://t.co/ehrilkqdwd 
 when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost 
 hillary clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against radical islam 
 hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to isis. silence at cnn. https://t.co/gjyssxtpaz 
 crooked hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #imwithyou #maga https://t.co/iym3ccws2z 
 thank you columbus ohio! i will be back soon. #imwithyou #maga https://t.co/vmf1epjp4r 
 thank you oklahoma &amp; virginia! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou https://t.co/wudy7fervv 
 people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that's really saying something 
 the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life 
 will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt hillary 
 when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary's pay-for-play at state department 
 cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs 
 cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton 
 join governor mike pence in reno nevada- tonight at 7pm! tickets available at: https://t.co/4nljrgyfyw 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/ohi6xrdju0 
 so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine they have already taken crimea and continue to push. that's what i said 
 when i said in an interview that putin is "not going into ukraine you can mark it down" i am saying if i am president. already in crimea 
 this story is not about mr. khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u.s. get smart 
 mr. khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over t.v. doing the same - nice 
 wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. the failing @nytimes is a joke. @cnn is laughable 
 the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention. i wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h 
 i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war not me 
 captain khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it 
 we crushed the original goal! i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  https://t.co/n6w9dm6fqy 
 nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech: trump  32.2 million.  clinton 27.8 million.  thank you 
 thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention #1 over crooked hillary and dems 
 can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania. it would be a major media event! @cnn @foxnews 
 nato commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:https://t.co/vzldfy707k 
 wow nato's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills. this is a general i will like 
 the "rust belt" was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico. end 
 crooked's stop in johnstown pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with bill vp 
 #crookedhillary = obama's third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. https://t.co/y9wjouaaql 
 word is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania. perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta 
 i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch. much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better 
 why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "big thursdays" when crooked hillary and i made our speeches - republican's won ratings 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/xyopfjmbyp 
 crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. a formula for disaster 
 violent crime is rising across the united states yet the dnc convention ignored it. crime reduction will be one of my top priorities 
 i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/futugi2r2k 
 just got back from colorado. the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. big crowds 
 while i am in oh &amp; pa - you can also join @mike_pence in nevada on mon!carson city: https://t.co/28g3rvbfsnreno: https://t.co/4nljrgyfyw 
 join me monday in columbus ohio &amp; harrisburg pennsylvania! #maga3pm in oh: https://t.co/ddg0ausqrq7pm in pa: https://t.co/vmslbvl43l 
 american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. we will bring back the  'american dream!' https://t.co/yi4q8fhrjp 
 we are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. i want change - crooked hillary clinton does not 
 hillary can never win over bernie supporters. her foreign wars nafta/tpp support &amp; wall street ties are driving away millions of votes 
 colorado was amazing yesterday! so much support. our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country 
 thank you denver colorado! #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/1khrldkoyw 
 as usual hillary &amp; the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games. same as last time w/ bernie. unacceptable 
 #crookedhillary job application https://t.co/ckxkalgsiv 
 hillary clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts 
 thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!#makeamericagreatagain #lesm https://t.co/glxtqyaqin 
 thank you colorado springs. get out &amp; vote #trumppence16 in november! https://t.co/wk02fwzjey 
 "only a reagan or a trump-like figure in the white house will achieve this goal." https://t.co/6a7ef12giz 
 even bill is tired of the lies sad! https://t.co/lpk1okwh9p 
 join me in colorado springs at 2pm- or in denver tonight at 7pm!colorado springs: https://t.co/hgfw7irtz9denver: https://t.co/ae5p9jncfc 
 what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton. https://t.co/vgmaaszbep 
 i am watching crooked hillary speak. same old stuff our country needs change 
 wow my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary. she sold them out v.p. pick 
 in hillary clinton's america - things get worse. #trumppence16 https://t.co/wdhbnhhcbw 
 the dishonest media didn't mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crooked's speech. he wishes he didn't make that deal 
 thank you! facebook: https://t.co/nmlrjqza7sinstagram: https://t.co/5gdeluabxg https://t.co/pw7gs8r9gg 
 crooked hillary said that i "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." reallyi just beat 16 people and am beating her 
 if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #neverhillary 
 "little" michael bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. his last term as mayor was a disaster 
 general john allen who i never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against isis. his record = bad  #neverhillary 
 crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. many of her statements were lies and fabrications 
 join @mike_pence at the university of northwestern ohio- tonight at 7pm. tickets: https://t.co/dvp8p7uenu 
 campaign statement: https://t.co/rnw3ed2ifr 
 two policemen just shot in san diego one dead. it is only getting worse. people want law and order 
 crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream 
 the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke. @cnn and the little watched @morning_joe = sad 
 no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes 
 hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction terrorism and isis across the world 
 hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety 
 hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street 
 our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words 
 hillary's refusal to mention radical islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country 
 i will once again write a $1 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/futugi2r2k 
 departing now - thank you cedar rapids iowa. this is a movement! https://t.co/ezrqvqptta 
 i will once again write a $1 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! https://t.co/cghp1cqpsp 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/jexfno6e3s 
 as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people!  https://t.co/ae4cueqbfqhttps://t.co/hjyzqvwmac 
 "dems warn not to underestimate trump's potential win"https://t.co/x3xhtjhhpb 
 great to be back in iowa! #tbt with @jerryjrfalwell joining me in davenport- this past winter. #maga https://t.co/a5if0qhnic 
 median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office. it will only go further down under clinton 
 a vote for clinton-kaine is a vote for tpp nafta high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees 
 america's futurehttps://t.co/xymia0az7x 
 bernie caved! https://t.co/xtcona8cw1 
 president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #dnc 
 our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair 
 shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers 
 join me live in toledo ohio!#makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/ruevmgx4c9 
 #crookedhillary https://t.co/lwi9gqdehe 
 thank you pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/bbv3ehgs5x https://t.co/bbroagtdmw 
 as president i will bring jobs back and get wages up for americans who need it most.   https://t.co/rsecsjinfbhttps://t.co/ybfov3gh0l 
 thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #maga https://t.co/uezoroqhtw 
 "trump right: illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far"https://t.co/1noce9w6ru 
 great new poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/mxovx0tlpc 
 if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the fbi 
 join our next vice president @mike_pence in wisconsin tonight &amp; michigan thursday!mi: https://t.co/dar2xihceswi: https://t.co/lkc7e4vzkb 
 not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complaining-then a small one. pathetic 
 our not very bright vice president joe biden just stated that i wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. sorry joe that was ted cruz 
 crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. the danger is massive. no 
 hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. get tough 
 the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. no recognition - sad 
 funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said "trump is a genius." america 1st 
 as i have been saying crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv 
 just like i have warned from the beginning crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp. https://t.co/eontwk6i8y 
 many of bernie's supporters have left the arena. did bernie go home and go to sleep 
 i hate to say it but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention 
 no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated 
 you have no idea what my strategy on isis is and neither does isis (a good thing). please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly 
 i'm with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/cwfeceussq 
 i'm with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/lwxmian0kk 
 i’m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/ajaj13xqvr 
 for the record i have zero investments in russia 
 in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump. crazy 
 dems don't want to talk isis b/c hillary's foreign interventions unleashed isis &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here 
 bernie's exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed 
 the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar 
 thank you new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/krcdv77bqp 
 join us in toledo ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #trumppence16 #magatickets: https://t.co/ernrrksikq https://t.co/zmgzaucnqf 
 join us tomorrow in scranton pennsylvania at 3pm!#trumppence16 #maga tickets: https://t.co/4ftydj8s9u https://t.co/7zmkhhmmhp 
 pocahontas bombed last night! sad to watch 
 why aren't the democrats speaking about isis bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. the republican convention was great 
 funny if you listen to @foxnews the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two they are fawning. what a difference 
 bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. all of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! waste of time 
 elizabeth warren often referred to as pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary who she always hated 
 sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs 
 if cory booker is the future of the democratic party they have no future! i know more about cory than he knows about himself 
 i was at @foxnews and met juan williams in passing.  he asked if he could have pictures taken with me. i said fine. he then trashes on air 
 hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold. he got nothing for all of the time energy and money. the v.p. a joke 
 while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers 
 clinton betrayed bernie voters. kaine supports tpp is in pocket of wall street and backed iraq war 
 thank you ohio! #trumppence16https://t.co/nof9td9bhs https://t.co/wpmbkyjuim 
 thank you roanoke virginia- be back soon! #trumppence16https://t.co/rwxxhffsn1 https://t.co/hwqi2igpdu 
 make america safe and great again! #trumppence16https://t.co/4o4yjh7x4o https://t.co/cptbazbv1v 
 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/exsouosep4 https://t.co/3ji7a14gsw 
 great poll numbers are coming out all over. people don't want another four years of obama and crooked hillary would be even worse. #maga 
 the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change 
 wow the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess. but fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn 
 here we go again with another clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). crooked hillary knew the fix was in b never had a chance 
 crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the dnc - they just got caught that's all! they laughed at bernie 
 if bernie sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same 
 thank you! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pzs9uwgzam 
 hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened 
 how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against bernie 
 the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because putin likes me 
 watched crooked hillary clinton and tim kaine on 60 minutes. no way they are going to fix america's problems. isis &amp; all others laughing 
 the ratings for the republican national convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. thank you 
 the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory she's out 
 the democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! e-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well 
 even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook 
 crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top dws. too bad bernie flamed out 
 if the republican convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (bernie) media would go wild 
 the @cnn panels are so one sided almost all against trump. @foxnews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. don't watch cnn 
 i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated. the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted no energy left 
 today proves what i have always known that @reince priebus is the tough one and the smart one not debbie wasserman shultz (@dwstweets.) 
 sorry folks but bernie sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. he is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and dnc disrespect. sad 
 there is no longer a bernie sanders "political revolution." he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end 
 an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates 
 looks like the bernie people will fight. if not their blood sweat and tears was a total waste of time. kaine stands for opposite 
 wow president obama's brother malik just announced that he is voting for me. was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else 
 bernie sanders started off strong but with the selection of kaine for v.p. is ending really weak. so much for a movement! total disrespect 
 the crooked hillary v.p. choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters. just another case of bad judgement by h 
 #makeamericagreatagain#trumppence16 https://t.co/gczhx1nyxd 
 thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart 
 the wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud 
 just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together. isis and our other enemies are drooling. they don't look presidential to me 
 i will bring jobs back and get wages up. people haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. clinton killed jobs 
 tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. job killer 
 funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. i will bring jobs back 
 crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania. against steelworkers and miners. husband signed nafta 
 leaked e-mails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders. mock his heritage and much more. on-line from wikileakes really vicious. rigged 
 pocahontas wanted v.p. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the senate. also crooked hillary hates her 
 tim kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. bernie fought for nothing 
 the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight 
 i highly recommend the just out book - the field of fight - by general michael flynn. how to defeat radical islam 
 is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m did 
 another attack this time in germany. many killed. god bless the people of munich 
 one of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. great unity! big t.v. ratings! @karlrove 
 thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times 
 what a great four days in cleveland. so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all. the police and secret service were fantastic 
 make america safe and great again! #rncinclehttps://t.co/kh2zfhuhgp 
 formal acceptance of the nomination! #trumppence16 https://t.co/e6ztvjsqza 
 you can watch 360 video live from the podium! https://t.co/yqcisbudai #rncincle #trumpiswithyou #makeamericagreatagain 
 this is a movement! #rncincle https://t.co/bdox6jcrap 
 i’m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/v92pkdhbg6 https://t.co/fhwhekyu4q 
 i’m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! https://t.co/v92pkdhbg6 https://t.co/sqs6erk6el 
 thank you @donaldjtrumpjr. proud of you! #rncincle #trumppence2016 https://t.co/gobsnwughp 
 we’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight! https://t.co/ssrh55c6hw https://t.co/8e0lic8wye 
 we’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight! https://t.co/ssrh55c6hw https://t.co/9hd6drcojf 
 great job @ivankatrump! #rncinclehttps://t.co/swsake11f0 
 other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is very united. great love in the arena 
 limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now!  https://t.co/3luasztkyx 
 ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn't say that if the dems win the presidency the new justices appointed will destroy us all 
 i am soooo proud of my children don eric and tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. ivanka intros me tonight 
 great job @erictrump! proud of you!#americafirst #rncincle https://t.co/s7ihxdrmsj 
 make america great again! https://t.co/ql9rjb7osd 
 arena was packed totally electric 
 @mike_pence was fantastic tonight. will be a great v.p 
 our next vice president of the united states of america gov. @mike_pence!#gopincle #gopconvention#americafirst https://t.co/tzt3xckp1c 
 wow ted cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. no big deal 
 great job @erictrump! proud of you! #americafirst #rncinclehttps://t.co/ee7c6xkdkt https://t.co/946u6bgreq 
 limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now! https://t.co/3luasztkyx https://t.co/ssnvgf7ptt 
 limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now! https://t.co/lqmddnkuwr https://t.co/ksav65fuid 
 thank you @scottwalker! #americafirst #rncincle https://t.co/k2poy3ggvq 
 #texttrump88022 for exclusive @realdonaldtrump updates!  we will make america great again 
 thank you to governor @scottwalker for such warm support. great speech 
 thank you @ingrahamangle! #americafirst https://t.co/cv3i3xrsok 
 #americafirst #rncincle https://t.co/pvdta8htcc 
 watching the #gopconvention#americafirst #rncincle 
 john kasich was never asked by me to be v.p. just arrived in cleveland - will be a great two days 
 urgent: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. please stand with us! https://t.co/ssrh55c6hw https://t.co/2kjt4tj07y 
 statement on melania speechhttps://t.co/uzbom21pug 
 the media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melania's speech than the fbi spent on hillary's emails 
 good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press 
 in november i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state. jobs 
 bill hemmer of @foxnews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. more than in past years 
 congratulations to my children don and tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. i am very proud of you 
 such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first 
 the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting 
 #makeamericaworkagain #trumppence16 #rncincle https://t.co/bsup4msysd https://t.co/mybjp03xyf 
 #makeamericaworkagain#trumppence16 #rncincle https://t.co/xlb2c1cpkp https://t.co/5kv03lumzw 
 it was truly an honor to introduce my wife melania. her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. very proud! #gopconvention 
 will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:30pm @foxnews- prior to melania's speech at the #gopconvention. tune in- she will do great! #rncincle 
 #makeamericasafeagain!#gopconvention #rncincle https://t.co/qnizisgrg8 https://t.co/kvq6r6wkq1 
 networks other than low ratings @cnn have been very fair and exciting 
 @cnn is the worst.they go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again 
 looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife melania. place looks beautiful 
 thank you mahoning county ohio! see you soon! #makeamericasafeagain https://t.co/tnjmukimpk https://t.co/ifdqrval3q 
 president obama just had a news conference but he doesn't have a clue. our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse 
 our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough 
 i will be on @60minutes tonight at 7:00 p.m. with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects! bad times for divided usa 
 we are trying to fight isis and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching 
 we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today. how many law enforcement and people have to...https://t.co/ppnrzg8kea 
 the ratings at @foxnews blow away the ratings of @cnn - not even close. that's because cnn is the clinton news network and people don't like 
 @foxnews is much better and far more truthful than @cnn which is all negative. guests are stacked for crooked hillary! i don't watch 
 if goofy elizabeth warren a very weak senator didn't lie about her heritage (being native american) she would be nothing today. pick her h 
 i hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas as her v.p. then we can litigate her fraud 
 it doesn't matter that crooked hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. bernie said she has bad judgement 
 as the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions 
 we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again 
 goofy elizabeth warren who may be the least productive senator in the u.s. senate must prove she is not a fraud. without the con it's over 
 thank you to jack morgan tamara neo cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia. great job 
 thank you to chris cox and bikers for trump - your support has been amazing. i will never forget. make america great again 
 donate today to help make america great again! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton! https://t.co/swzce5pini https://t.co/0fmgnbuacc 
 donate today to help make america great again! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton! https://t.co/vlobadg4er https://t.co/mbdww5orrd 
 thank you! #trumppence16 https://t.co/rhprmcsgt6 
 crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes 
 very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes crooked hillary clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money 
 crooked hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a disaster on foreign policy. look what's happening 
 crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done 
 look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start 
 look forward to governor mike pence v.p. introduction tomorrow in new york city 
 i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 a.m 
 four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o &amp; hillary 
 #nevertrump is never more. they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 87-12. make america great again 
 my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice france. we are with you in every way 
 in light of the horrible attack in nice france i have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement 
 another horrific attack this time in nice france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse 
 i employ many people in the state of virginia - jobs jobs jobs! crooked hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with nafta 
 another new poll. thank you for your support! join the movement today! #imwithyou https://t.co/3kwol2ibaw https://t.co/mit4athxqz 
 great new poll- thank you america!#trump2016 #imwithyou https://t.co/avh9c5qrwc 
 i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan. details to follow 
 if i win the presidency we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions 
 even the @nytimes and @washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. what was she thinking 
 is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge 
 on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party. i am spending a lot myself and also helping others 
 voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity 
 despite spending $500k a day on tv ads alone #crookedhillary falls flat in nationwide @quinnipiacpoll. having zero impact. sad 
 lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. https://t.co/teovcyxkor 
 is president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves? think about it and let me know 
 the republican platform is most pro-israel of all time 
 new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again 
 #crookedhillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in florida ohio &amp; pennsylvania. i haven't started yet! https://t.co/bcoprwqfme 
 thank you florida ohio and pennsylvania! #crookedhillary is not qualified. #imwithyou https://t.co/m1yzgyeedy 
 thank you! #imwithyou https://t.co/6xkuq0w4qs 
 justice ginsburg of the u.s. supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign 
 thank you indiana! #trump2016 https://t.co/jmkah9wgaa 
 thank you iowa- see you soon!#trump2016 #imwithyou https://t.co/gva0mbgnuo https://t.co/pe1jdqzysc 
 i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 8pm. enjoy 
 the american people agree. no free pass for #crookedhillary! https://t.co/ltjlvkkzh1 
 to all the bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. people first 
 bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-tpp pro-wall street crooked hillary clinton 
 bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs 
 #crookedhillary is not qualified!https://t.co/6qi7ktw43o 
 i am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. they are not happy that he is selling out 
 bernie sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. he will endorse her today - fans angry 
 this election is a choice between law order &amp; safety - or chaos crime &amp; violence. i will make america safe again for everyone. #imwithyou 
 for too many years our inner cities have been left behind. i am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need 
 crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities. not good 
 #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyouhttps://t.co/lb5vicdh0g https://t.co/rovn7pavfy 
 senior united states district judge robert e. payne today ruled in favor of trump campaign delegates who had argued..https://t.co/qvwfjgchu7 
 speech on veterans' reform:https://t.co/xb7rmwesmk 
 great poll- florida! thank you! https://t.co/4fuppl5wom 
 thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st. joseph michigan 
 join me in westfield indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #trump2016 tickets: https://t.co/jj9tmseood https://t.co/rq6yrhlpib 
 i heard that the underachieving john king of @cnn on inside politics was one hour of lies. happily few people are watching - dead network 
 the media is so dishonest. if i make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.they think the public is stupid 
 president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe 
 look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation 
 new poll - thank you! #trump2016https://t.co/mi87vmw06h https://t.co/wmqvcyg4r3 
 way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. proud of you 
 make america safe again!https://t.co/m0ajwlv8nm https://t.co/p0glehemjy 
 isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @cnn 
 due to the horrific events taking place in our country i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in miami 
 last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement officers...https://t.co/mwzyu98ytt 
 prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country 
 after today crooked hillary can officially be called lyin' crooked hillary 
 thank you speaker @pryan!#americafirst #trump2016  https://t.co/ppsyxgpdfc 
 #makeamericagreatagain  https://t.co/fxlvgfaa1l 
 thank you rep. collins! #trump2016 https://t.co/zkmpywmdxg 
 just leaving d.c. had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate. very interesting day! these are people who love our country 
 great being in cincinnati ohio last night- thank you! off to washington d.c. now. #trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/sryjgryd56 
 where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the 'star of david' also? dishonest media! #frozen https://t.co/4ljbpsm8xa 
 to all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. we must beat crooked hillary. https://t.co/xv8q1guwih 
 convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live 
 i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton. check it out sleepy eyes @markhalperin @nbcpolitics 
 sleepy eyes chuck todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.he could not have watched my standing ovation speech in n.c 
 even the once great caesars is bankrupt in a.c. others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city 
 hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves - convention center airport - and destroyed city 
 i made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago great timing (as all know). pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies 
 crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country. she is sooooo guilty. but watch her time will come 
 the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges but...https://t.co/ko64iamdgj https://t.co/8cbsfnpl2l 
 crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement 
 crooked hillary clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information." not fit 
 crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the u.s. her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. bad judgement 
 i don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with "murder." come november 8 she's out 
 raised a lot of money for the republican party. there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. lots of support! win 
 i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 11pm. enjoy 
 my son @erictrump will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on @foxnews. enjoy 
 looking forward to meeting with @senbobcorker in a little while. we will be traveling to north carolina together today 
 fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security. no charges. wow! #riggedsystem 
 the system is rigged. general petraeus got in trouble for far less. very very unfair! as usual bad judgment 
 it was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and u.s. will see her again 
 taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace 
 on @foxnews at 7:00 p.m. "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy 
 why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays 
 with hillary and obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - radical islam 
 crooked hillary clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! where are the 33000 missing e-mails 
 the only people who are not interested in being the v.p. pick are the people who have not been asked 
 i look forward to meeting @joniernst today in new jersey. she has done a great job as senator of iowa 
 spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed great people 
 senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday. despite a totally one-sided interview by chuck todd the end result was solid 
 dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star or plain star 
 happy 4th of july! #trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/ndb3aqrlty https://t.co/yhhyqjwjw6 
 crooked hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis - it will just go on forever. we need change 
 the third mass attack (slaughter) in days by isis. 200 dead in baghdad worst in many years. we do not have leadership that can stop this 
 in bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran. 20 were killed 
 i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the u.s.a.g. so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught 
 the secret meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting "go away no pictures." 
 does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac 
 "the system is rigged!" 
 on saturday a great man elie wiesel passed away.the world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil 
 crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the u.s.a.g. to work out a deal. the system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt 
 only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know 
 just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd and the entire show is against me.the good news-the people get it 
 it was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton. like i said the system is totally rigged 
 it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton. what she did was wrong! what bill did was stupid 
 thank you @greta. #imwithyou https://t.co/sldqnhd4tm 
 thank you for your support!#americafirst #leadright2016  https://t.co/a6f6xznrym 
 thank you! #americafirst https://t.co/myg45lxgmh 
 if i become the next potus- they will not be ignoring! #americafirst https://t.co/97r0cqdngi 
 crooked hillary -- makes history! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/pkqhyhmmix 
 the #2a to our constitution is clear. the right of the people to keep &amp; bear arms shall not be infringed upon. https://t.co/sqe12d0mbj 
 #americafirst #imwithyou https://t.co/iecnnlj728 
 the speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - wednesday release 
 just read in the failing @nytimes that i was not aware "the event had to be held in cleveland" - a total lie. these people are sick 
 when you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. we will make america safe again! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/vd2a747l29 
 just returned from colorado. amazing crowd 
 thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado! #imwithyou #wcs16 https://t.co/lk3uw4fy2q https://t.co/qdqhrrubbg 
 thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst https://t.co/ravfft5ube 
 these crimes won't be happening if i'm elected potus. killer should have never been here. #americafirst https://t.co/xdgkaj0ico 
 yet another terrorist attack today in israel -- a father shot at by a palestinian terrorist was killed while:https://t.co/cv1hzkvbit 
 horrible killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist. we must get tough. https://t.co/zauq6kb9hj 
 @traceadkins great job on fox this morning. keep up the good work 
 take a look at what happened w/ bill clinton. the system is totally rigged. does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence 
 bill clinton's meeting was a total secret. nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter 
 as bernie sanders said hillary clinton has bad judgement. bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary 
 #throwbackthursday #trump2016https://t.co/gftspbvixe 
 i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on fox! enjoy 
 the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple i want to make america great again 
 i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan 
 the very dishonest @nbcnews refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. done deal 
 one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out america. https://t.co/mo9qrmyxrd 
 why would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president? she will destroy them! https://t.co/s80xxdehfg 
 new book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #wakeupamerica 
 the story with hillary will never change. https://t.co/h0av3taiim 
 for reasons only they can explain the @uschamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better 
 tremendous day in massachusetts and maine. thank you to everyone for making it so special 
 i will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 isis exploded on hillary clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. not capable 
 will be in bangor maine today! join me- 4pme at the cross insurance center! https://t.co/y4n4nerpfr https://t.co/7lapewxe05 
 new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again! #trump2016 https://t.co/dl5ahncwzb 
 just watched senator john barrasso on @foxnews - he was great! thank you john 
 why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters 
 the @uschamber must fight harder for the american worker. china and many others are taking advantage of u.s. with our terrible trade pacts 
 iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i'm sure he would do a good job if he was. the media makes everything up 
 we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states 
 yet another terrorist attack this time in turkey. willthe world ever realize what is going on? so sad 
 hillary clinton’s presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. she is ill-fit with bad judgment 
 benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure. it justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with clinton 
 check it out - 2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online! watch it here: https://t.co/5mtwkovqnd #crookedhillary #trump2016 
 @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore 
 the media is unrelenting. they will only go with and report a story in a negative light. i called brexit (hillary was wrong) watch november 
 crooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the u.s. senate goofy elizabeth warren who lied on heritage 
 the "dirty" poll done by @abc @washingtonpost is a disgrace. even they admit that many more democrats were polled. other polls were good 
 crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations - while ignoring her own: https://t.co/pr3bshjsxl 
 crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong. i said leave will win. she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. only a question of time 
 hillary clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! she is spending a fortune i am spending very little. close in polls 
 people in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win. it is time for change -- and jobs 
 top 50 facts about crooked hillary clinton from trump 'stakes of the election' address: https://t.co/lfudxynsgj 
 the @abc poll sample is heavy on democrats.  very dishonest - why would they do that? other polls good 
 crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry. shows me hitting shot but i never did = lie! was there to support son 
 clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads. disgraceful 
 crooked hillary clinton who called brexit 100% wrong (along with obama) is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call 
 george will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the republican party.he's made many bad calls 
 just landed in new york - a one night stay in scotland. turnberry came out magnificently. my son eric did a great job - under budget 
 obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs. that ends when i am president 
 i have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land 
 we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #americafirst 
 we must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place 
 thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us @trumpturnberry yesterday! @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr https://t.co/hq1jtmrutg 
 on the 13th tee box @trumpscotland with my grand daughter kai! @donaldjtrumpjr https://t.co/7ii4kufsab 
 arriving @trumpscotland with @donaldjtrumpjr &amp; @erictrump. back to new york tonight. video: https://t.co/2gukqoths5 
 so funny crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the u.k. all talk no action 
 thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #imwithyou 
 many people are equating brexit and what is going on in great britain with what is happening in the u.s. people want their country back 
 the opening of trump turnberry in scotland was a big success. good timing i was here for brexit. very exciting news conference today 
 crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster 
 i want all americans to succeed together. president obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...https://t.co/dpidejxzjw 
 new government data by the center for immigration studies shows more than 3m new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..https://t.co/hmfyzc1kam 
 america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind uk. we stand together as friends as allies &amp; as a people w/a shared history 
 self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see 
 getting ready to open the magnificent turnberry in scotland. what a great day especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote 
 statement regarding british referendum on e.u. membershiphttps://t.co/gwwrxt3bvp 
 just arrived in scotland. place is going wild over the vote. they took their country back just like we will take america back. no games 
 congratulations to my son eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding turnberry and its great ailsa course. always support kids 
 leaving now for a one night trip to scotland in order to be at the grand opening of my great turnberry resort. will be back on sat. night 
 meet the amazing mother whose letter i read during my speech. she lost her son to policies supported by clinton. https://t.co/ndgqi6dnji 
 read my full statement here on the supreme court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou https://t.co/sb1ag1eb27 
 here is another cnn lie. the clinton news network is losing all credibility. i’m not watching it much anymore.  https://t.co/pnsgsjd5gw 
 cnn which is totally biased in favor of clinton should apologize. they knew they were wrong.  https://t.co/kr7ons8h6s 
 our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border 
 on immigration i’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street 
 obama &amp; clinton should stop meeting with special interests &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration 
 hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart. i am going to make our country safe again for all americans. #imwithyou 
 sc has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. but hillary has pledged to expand it taking jobs from hispanic &amp; african-american workers 
 hillary lies to benghazi families#crookedhillary https://t.co/ywd5lk5skg 
 isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama."  --  donald j. trump 
 "hillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   donald j. trump 
 thank you to donald rumsfeld for the endorsement. very much appreciated. clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying." 
 #imwithyou https://t.co/tan8bmaur8 https://t.co/5ez7x1zzkh 
 #imwithyou https://t.co/iy4k7wcw3c 
 hillary says things can't change. i say they have to change. it's a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism. #imwithyou 
 crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy 
 i will be interviewed by @loudobbs tonight on @foxbusiness 7pm et 
 hillary defrauded america as secy of state. she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! corrupt dangerous dishonest 
 if you want to know about hillary clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of ambassador stevens 
 hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays 
 i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt will fix u.s 
 obama-clinton inherited $10t in debt and turned it into nearly $20t.  they have bankrupted… https://t.co/1cott0rpy7 
 hillary clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans - and make everyone less safe 
 how can hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk 
 hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% assecretary of state costing americans millions of jobs 
 hillary says this election is about judgment.  she's right.  her judgement has killed thousands unleashed isis and wrecked the economy 
 i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton 
 crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess 
 when i said that if within the orlando club you had some people with guns i was obviously talking about additional guards or employees 
 @djohnsonpga we are so proud of you dustin. your reaction under pressure was amazing. first of many majors. you are a true champion 
 yesterday's failing @nytimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! https://t.co/ifuf8mdteh 
 how can the ny times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? so totally dishonest 
 donald trump's speech is a game changer. #trump2016https://t.co/vxjtsivvuu https://t.co/dik3iyrygc 
 see you soon arizona! #trump2016 https://t.co/w4z2ew5ay4 
 i love you arizona! thank you!#trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/qutssmevdo 
 make america great again! make america safe again!#trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/vn4k8fvqnt 
 thank you las vegas nevada!#trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/vhgwmhgcvr https://t.co/m1eira7ymu 
 in las vegas getting ready to speak 
 join me in phoenix arizona today at 4pm! #trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/pvb6qx7vpk https://t.co/hsaiurafvd 
 thank you houston texas! #americafirst #trump2016 https://t.co/593p8urphq 
 thank you! #americafirst  https://t.co/tzf8uwqo4l 
 the convention in cleveland will be amazing!  https://t.co/nlf2gcr915 
 thank you- on my way!  https://t.co/utcxpbwpve 
 thank you @dallaspd!  https://t.co/orjyn4fsni 
 join me in phoenix arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #trump2016 #americafirsthttps://t.co/pvb6qx7vpk https://t.co/b51r30mazd 
 thank you! #americafirst https://t.co/qp07ufnnjm 
 make america great again! make america safe again 
 people very unhappy with crooked hillary and obama on jobs and safety! biggest trade deficit in many years! more attacks will follow orlando 
 amazing crowd last night in dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. today all over the great state of texas 
 thank you dallas texas! https://t.co/ui9tsfmcs8 https://t.co/2iyarmm7on 
 houston tx:https://t.co/nvhrnfi2n7las vegas nvhttps://t.co/ksu8agrfbsphoenix az:https://t.co/pvb6qx7vpk https://t.co/2towwtheef 
 join me in houston texas tomorrow night at 7pm! tickets: https://t.co/nvhrnfzebh https://t.co/yd3f8xlppl 
 "donald trumps speech is a game changer." https://t.co/vxjtsivvuu https://t.co/j777qhdya3 
 the trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton supports. i will fix it fast- jobs! https://t.co/jagen4u50u 
 mcallen texas- 8 miles from u.s. - mexico border. #trump2016 video: https://t.co/pq4nstnvrk https://t.co/dkbtp1qjh3 
 i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 p.m.  @foxnews 
 finally an accurate story from the washington post!https://t.co/0nnkebsd73 
 join me in dallas texas on thursday!#americafirst #trump2016 https://t.co/fx0kxzunqz https://t.co/c7scbhdaqh 
 thank you atlanta georgia! will be back soon! #americafirst https://t.co/cvjvfcogot 
 i will be meeting with the nra who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns 
 the press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people 
 an: media fell all over themselves criticizing what donaldtrump "may have insinuated about @potus." but he's right: https://t.co/biidytvzyw 
 thank you greensboro north carolina! will be back soon! #americafirst https://t.co/r29wmgnlgg 
 tonight! north carolina:https://t.co/uolrs3at6wwednesday! georgia:https://t.co/1jj2kn0anisaturday! nevada:https://t.co/x3w1phtlxp 
 happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy! thank you! https://t.co/mxsxkfcstc 
 thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs 
 america first 
 american must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening 
 join me in atlanta on wednesday- at noon! #trump2016tickets: https://t.co/1jj2kn0ani https://t.co/cyarlhsefu 
 crooked hillary says we must call on saudi arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. i am calling on- cont'd: https://t.co/t1fvcu3mec 
 saudi arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton foundation- cont'd: https://t.co/t31rerszzy 
 i thought people weren’t celebrating? they were cheering all over even this savage from orlando. i was right. https://t.co/drva65x9ri 
 in my speech on protecting america i spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to islamic terror 
 based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting trump campaign we are hereby:  https://t.co/thkjwjnkaz 
 i am no fan of president obama but to show you how dishonest the phony washington post is: https://t.co/citm8bpixd 
 terrorism immigration and national security speech- transcript: https://t.co/wd1lgfkx3m https://t.co/t7yhsdceu8 
 congratulations to the 2016 #stanleycup champions pittsburgh @penguins 
 i am watching @foxnews and how fairly they are treating me and my words and @cnn and the total distortion of my words and what i am saying 
 i will be going to new hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 p.m 
 i have been hitting obama and crooked hillary hard on not using the term radical islamic terror. hillary just broke-said she would now use 
 what has happened in orlando is just the beginning. our leadership is weak and ineffective. i called it and asked for the ban. must be tough 
 reporting that orlando killer shouted "allah hu akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in la with rifles near gay parade 
 is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism? if he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace 
 appreciate the congrats for being right on radical islamic terrorism i don't want congrats i want toughness &amp; vigilance. we must be smart 
 horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims &amp; their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant 
 clinton made a false ad about me where i was imitating a reporter groveling after he changed his story. i would never mock disabled. shame 
 really bad shooting in orlando. police investigating possible terrorism. many people dead and wounded 
 goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be a native american in order to advance her career. very racist 
 riley rone was a great young man. we will miss him dearly. https://t.co/r0tm44nmao 
 join me on tuesday- in greensboro north carolina! #trump2016 #americafirst https://t.co/ial5igtfv3 
 thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania! will be back soon! #americafirst https://t.co/ttlmginkda 
 thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #americafirst https://t.co/qwatt9jsqd 
 thank you tampa florida!#americafirst #trumptrain https://t.co/fy4qvossfj 
 sad case- @usatoday did article saying i don't pay bills- false only don't pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! they should do same 
 in tampa florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/04qqpgylt7 
 don king and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought i was a racist 
 mitt romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. now he calls me racist-but i am least racist person there is 
 thank you richmond virginia! #trump2016 https://t.co/sxu4yzclqf 
 thank you @faithandfreedom coalition! an honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#rtm2016 #trump2016 https://t.co/ye6ihow6zm 
 heading to richmond virginia now. join me tonight! #trump2016tickets: https://t.co/i2cjsqikgn 
 #flashbackfriday #crookedhillary https://t.co/pvrbb7v4ng 
 i rarely agree with president obama- however he is 100% correct about crooked hillary clinton. great ad!https://t.co/aovvszfaw3 
 2004 video:pocahontas describing crooked hillary clinton as a corporate donor puppet. time for change! #trump2016 https://t.co/rz1mquzpku 
 heading to d.c. to speak at faith and freedom coalition and visit opo 
 "donald trump plans to continue goplegacy of leading on women’s civil rights against racist sexist democrats" https://t.co/nepqayw1g5 
 the great boxing promoter don king just endorsed me. nice 
 join me! 6/10: richmond va - 8pm6/11: tampa fl - 11am6/11: pittsburgh pa - 3pm6/13: portsmouth nh - 2:30pmhttps://t.co/kv624y9uom 
 pocahontas is at it again! goofy elizabeth warren one of the least productive u.s. senators has a nasty mouth. hope she is v.p. choice 
 join me! #trump20166/10: richmondhttps://t.co/i2cjsqalyl6/11: tampahttps://t.co/6jk33orxxg6/11: pittsburghhttps://t.co/bwgl1zxtc7 
 thank you roseanne very much appreciated. https://t.co/coxej1in8d 
 how long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? https://t.co/geclntqizq 
 a message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in tel aviv: https://t.co/iulxleanei 
 obama just endorsed crooked hillary. he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does 
 crooked hillary clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. obama plus 
 as expected the media is very much against me. their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win 
 bernie sanders must really dislike crooked hillary after the way she played him. many of his supporters because of trade will come to me 
 i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents she had one 
 make america great again!#americafirst #trump2016 https://t.co/42opvsjxjp 
 nobody is watching @morning_joe anymore. gone off the deep end - bad ratings. you won't believe what i am watching now 
 thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. i could feel the electricity in thr air. great reviews - most votes ever recieved 
 thank you california! #trump2016 https://t.co/gusl2uprx2 https://t.co/h6d25s1tr5 
 thank you new mexico! #trump2016https://t.co/wnoy8pc2km https://t.co/oswzvxnkjx 
 thank you south dakota! #trump2016 https://t.co/gbrtqdxij4 https://t.co/pnqwory0zb 
 thank you new jersey! #trump2016https://t.co/pgiykhlgti https://t.co/myjmokdpj9 
 thank you montana! #trump2016https://t.co/rovtaplnwg https://t.co/pyhiy7vjo6 
 i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9:00 p.m. the movement toward a country that wins again continues 
 i will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - enjoy!  10:00 p.m 
 thank you! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/7jk6voyzue 
 in just out book secret service agent gary byrne doesn't believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president 
 a former secret service agent for president clinton excoriates crooked hillary describing her as erratic &amp; violent. bad temperament for pres 
 see when i said nato was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit.https://t.co/srcf1h3rjg 
 thank you diamond and silk! https://t.co/qdsluy2hqd 
 remembering the fallen heroes on #dday - june 6 1944. https://t.co/od7vsdmlhy 
 i am getting bad marks from certain pundits because i have a small campaign staff. but small is good flexible save money and number one 
 a massive blow to obama's message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. that's really bad 
 crooked hillary is being badly criticized (for a wall street paid for ad) by politifact for a false ad on me on women. she is a total fraud 
 crooked hillary clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions 
 just like i have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. we can be great 
 people like @katyturnbc report on my campaign but have zero access. they say what they want without any knowledge.true of so much of media 
 hillary clinton is unfit to be president. she has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. change 
 i am watching @cnn very little lately because they are so biased against me. shows are predictable garbage! cnn and msm is one big lie 
 the clinton news network sometimes referred to as @cnn is getting more and more biased.they act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors 
 thank you attorney general gonzales so many people feel this way. https://t.co/fmr8yyiimz 
 we just had the worst jobs report since 2010 
 the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful 
 many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful trump supporters in san jose were illegals. they burned the american flag and laughed at police 
 muhammad ali is dead at 74! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy. he will be missed by all 
 thank you redding california!#makeamericagreatagain #caprimary https://t.co/nfiydptppn 
 great evening in san jose other than the thugs. my supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile 
 so much interest in my visit to scotland! i greatly look forward to attending the opening event @trumpturnberry- taking place on june 24th 
 "i'm a former chief of police in a border town. i'm hispanic i'm proud to be hispanic and i'm 100% behind trump."https://t.co/8ytbu7j17m 
 in crooked hillary's telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact. not honest 
 i don't watch or do @morning_joe anymore. small audience low ratings! i hear mika has gone wild with hate. joe is joe. they lost their way 
 rally last night in san jose was great. tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. big crowd. outside small group of thugs burned am flag 
 terrible jobs report just reported. only 38000 jobs added. bombshell 
 then on june 25th- back to the usa to make america great again 
 after @trumpscotland i will visit @trumpdoonbeg in ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the atlantic ocean 
 after @trumpturnberry i will be visiting aberdeen the oil capital of europe to see my great club @trumpscotland 
 on june 22- i will be going to scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @trumpturnberry resort the worlds best 
 join me in redding california- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #trump2016tickets: https://t.co/tyllhxjhc7 
 @natalie_gulbis- thank you for the nice piece in @sinow / @golf_com.keep up the great work! https://t.co/jczpcfx10x 
 a 60% increase in texas blue cross/blue shield through obamacare. i told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode 
 so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan. we will both be working very hard to make america great again 
 bad performance by crooked hillary clinton! reading poorly from the telepromter! she doesn't even look presidential 
 crooked hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. people will not allow another four years of incompetence 
 crooked hillary clinton who i would love to call lyin' hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions 
 after the litigation is disposed of and the case won i have instructed my execs to open trump u(?) so much interest in it! i will be pres 
 even though i have a very biased and unfair judge in the trump u civil case in san diego i have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case 
 with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters! no more hrc 
 join me in san jose california- tonight!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016tickets: https://t.co/jlqukr550j https://t.co/orehkjz5rd 
 wow usa today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. isn't that what you want for your president 
 do you ever notice that @cnn gives me very little proper representation on my policies. just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign p 
 bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement 
 crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch 
 thank you sacramento california! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/t75zxn9l6f 
 same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn 
 crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. many missing 
 join me in san jose california- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/jlqukr550j https://t.co/uds8odh3a4 
 so i raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! they do anything to belittle - totally biased 
 congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. speaking of ratings- i will be on his show tonight @ 10pe 
 i am getting great credit for my press conference today. crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days 
 katie couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc 
 i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews. enjoy 
 join me in sacramento california-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #trump2016https://t.co/w7xy7excii https://t.co/km0rrysdno 
 so many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised/gave! it was my great honor - they do an amazing job 
 just finished a press conference in trump tower wherein i gave information on which veterans groups got the $5600000 that i raised/gave 
 i have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great veterans and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. watch 
 so many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! news conference at 11:00 a.m. today trump tower 
 i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge gonzalo curiel who is totally biased against me 
 i have a judge in the trump university civil case gonzalo curiel (san diego) who is very unfair. an obama pick. totally biased-hates trump 
 i hope everyone had a great memorial day 
 i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than crooked hillary) if i only had one opponent instead of sixteen. broke record 
 have a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again 
 the endorsement of me by the 16500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. nice 
 in getting the endorsement of the 16500 border patrol agents (thank you) the statement was made that the wall was very necessary 
 obama says a wall at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at w.h 
 if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent say good bye to the supreme court 
 the republican party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in november. can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler indie candidate 
 bill kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the gop can't control their own then they are not a party. be tough r's 
 good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do 
 heading to d.c. to see and hear rolling thunder. amazing people that love our country. great spirit 
 honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them 
 does president obama ever discuss the sneak attack on pearl harbor while he's in japan? thousands of american lives lost. #mdw 
 don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. the only quote that matters is a quote from me 
 i am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when i won the gop nomination i'm in the back of the paper. very dishonest 
 the media is on a new phony kick about my management style. i spend much less money &amp; get much better results! what we need as prez 
 the failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that i don't have many people. i have 73 hillary has 800- &amp; i'm beating her 
 i (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a republican primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! thank you 
 the u.s. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. how nice but what do we get? not enough 
 great rally in fresno california- great crowd! thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/tvspvxomve 
 obama administration fails to screen syrian refugees' social media accounts:https://t.co/mma07nwa44 
 @sandiegopd- fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. greatly appreciated 
 thank you @billyjoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg. appreciate it- love your music 
 wow- 25000 in san diego california!thank you!! #trump2016 https://t.co/1nrj3zcuui 
 i am on @oreillyfactor tonight a big special. @foxnews  at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 bill o'reilly doing a major special on @oreillyfactor tonight- @foxnews at 8pme. watch it should be good! #trump2016 
 an america first energy plan#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/kti6e1zyni https://t.co/wji8rx11no 
 poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida. important to keep the majority. run marco 
 today we together won the republican nomination for president! https://t.co/82l6tja2lk 
 my wife @melaniatrump and my children will be featured on @foxnews with @greta- 7pme. enjoy!#meetthetrumps #trump2016 
 celebrating 1237! #trump2016 https://t.co/hpqjc7eor0 
 thank you! #trump2016https://t.co/spjfmfypju 
 i find it offensive that goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be native american to get in harvard 
 thank you mr. &amp; mrs. @tombarrackjr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. it will not be forgotten. #trump2016 
 @kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @outnumberedfnc- thank you 
 the inspector general's report on crooked hillary clinton is a disaster. such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the w.h 
 thank you anaheim california!#trump2016 https://t.co/aeshamhnvs 
 thank you washington! honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history 
 the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag. the rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals 
 crooked hillary clinton just can't close the deal with bernie. i had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. hillary doesn't have it 
 goofy senator elizabeth warren @elizabethforma has done less in the u.s. senate than practically any other senator. all talk no action 
 @elizabethforma  goofy elizabeth warren sometimes known as pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. total hypocrite 
 @elizabethforma goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native american is a lowlife 
 great rally in new mexico amazing crowd! now in l.a. big rally in anaheim 
 thank you washington! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/v9gltwj6gy 
 great honor to receive today's endorsement of @ricksantorum. really nice! #trump2016 
 after raising w/ no obligation almost $6m for vets i couldn't believe protesters formed @ trump tower. just out- sent by crooked hillary 
 thank you @dailymail- for setting the failing @nytimes story straight. this is what the nyt's should have written! https://t.co/feb6dhctqo 
 a suggestion for the dishonest media- https://t.co/zkyrwealmz 
 a wonderfully written article concerning israel by @jasondovesq https://t.co/lz9qwryzdj 
 a great new book has been written about crooked hillary. read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her. @ed_klein https://t.co/ujdwssfhbx 
 crooked hillary clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement 
 i just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the f.e.c. even the dishonest media thinks great 
 amazingly with all of the money i have raised for the vets i have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media 
 much of the money i have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups 
 while under no obligation to do so i have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our veterans. nice 
 join me in california or montana!5/25/16: anaheim californiahttps://t.co/mmpck1hyrc5/26/16: billings montanahttps://t.co/atvrcgjfde 
 i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 obama’s va secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread.’ i will take care ofour vets 
 is hillary really protecting women? https://t.co/8zteiwnqz4 
 in trade military and everything else it will be america first! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: make america great again 
 thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/xfinxdrniq 
 the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists 
 bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal 
 join me on wednesday may 25th at the anaheim convention center!#trump2016 #maga tickets: https://t.co/mmpck1hyrc https://t.co/xgkvbxtamz 
 crooked hillary wants a radical 500% increase in syrian refugees. we can’t allow this. time to get smart and protect america 
 how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam which horribly oppresses women 
 why do the networks continue to put dopey @billkristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs 
 hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity 
 crooked hillary said that i  want guns brought into the school classroom. wrong 
 thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes! #armedforcesday https://t.co/a3wus0crio 
 crooked hillary clintons foreign interventions unleashed isis in syria iraq and libya. she is reckless and dangerous 
 make america great again! https://t.co/mazk5bdzud 
 @cnn is so negative getting even worse as i get closer. just had two anti-trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. turning off 
 crooked hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. no more guns to protect hillary 
 while our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the tsa is falling apart just like our government! airports a total disaster 
 crooked hillary is spending tremendous amounts of wall street money on false ads against me. she is a very dishonest person 
 crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment. no gun owner can ever vote for clinton 
 thank you @thetodaysgolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @trump turnberry could be the most dramatic in britain." 
 @montgomeriefdn  colin great to have you at trump turnberry. so proud of you and your great playing! you made winning majors look easy 
 thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @tgowdysc. it means a great deal to me. we will not disappoint! #trump2016 
 great day in kentucky with wayne lapierre chris cox &amp; the @nra! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/aj7s0aqqj0 
 thank you! an honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @nra- prior to @gopconvention! #trump2016 #2a  https://t.co/yglual7gzx 
 failing @nytimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. every article is unfair and biased. very sad 
 thanks @piersmorgan! "trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen." 
 crooked hillary clinton- discussing the #secondamendment at a private event. #2a cc: @nra https://t.co/vv31pbpkmn 
 i am on my way! see you all soon! https://t.co/arw19antpj 
 "a call for unity" by jason greenblatt @jasondovesq https://t.co/dqi3cydckp 
 crooked hillary can't even close the deal with bernie - and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary. four more years of this? no way 
 crooked hillary clinton looks presidential? i don't think so! four more years of obama and our country will never come back. isis laughs 
 look where the world is today a total mess and isis is still running around wild. i can fix it fast hillary has no chance 
 crooked hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. isis china russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years 
 i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing 
 thank you @ltstevenlrogers. we will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!https://t.co/mk4yuurf4s 
 how quality a woman is rowanne brewer lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  thank you rowanne 
 looks like yet another terrorist attack. airplane departed from paris. when will we get tough smart and vigilant? great hate and sickness 
 my list of potential u.s. supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list 
 some low-life journalist claims that i "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. never happened! like the @nytimes story which has become a joke 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/kxhc2j94yf https://t.co/yzadandkxv 
 thank you louisiana! #trump2016 https://t.co/u8hhrrrfmp 
 thank you arizona! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/ic3pe5lras 
 why did clinton supporter @alisonforky declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasn't even called the race 
 bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats - the system is rigged against him. many of his disenfranchised fans are for me 
 paul begala the dopey @cnn flunky and head of the pro-hillary clinton super pac has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me 
 congratulations to the movement we have just won the great state of oregon. the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! thank you 
 thank you oregon! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/hk1yqlp9ca 
 michael barbaro the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. he should resign 
 i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton! democrat primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on 
 i can't believe that @cnn would allow the very nice jeffrey lord to be savaged by a panel of seven trump haters. 7 to 1 - don't watch cnn 
 well that is it. well done megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! now let us all see how "the movement" does in oregon tonight 
 will go back on for a final question now 
 i like michael douglas 
 i will be live tweeting @megynkelly show in 10 minutes. should be interesting. will be on fox network! enjoy 
 wall street paid for ad is a fraud just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. apologize 
 do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal? if she can't win kentucky she should drop out of race. system rigged 
 i will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the fox network tonight at 8! enjoy! https://t.co/nljsszeiwm 
 i look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight 8 pm et. it will be interesting to see how she treats me—i think she will be very fair 
 how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta the worst economic deal in u.s. history 
 crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.if so he should runnot her.will he bring the "energizer" to d.c. 
 #votetrump at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in #orprimary!closes at 8pm! https://t.co/esgg1qu68shttps://t.co/tqcnawjp5l 
 crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her 
 amazing that crooked hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the worst abuser of woman in u.s. political history 
 oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again 
 crooked hillary clinton put out an ad where i am misquoted on women. can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! my hit was on china 
 the pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "you can tell them to go blank themselves" - was about china not women 
 wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by crooked hillary clinton. she said they had to do with a wedding reception. liar! how can she run 
 what barbara res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. i said no 
 i gave a woman named barbara res a top n.y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. so much for a nice thank you 
 "in politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue." this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in u.s. history 
 the writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes michael barbaro who was interviewed on cbs this morning was unable to respond 
 over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. that’s because there were so many positive statements 
 no wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me 
 the failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women 
 rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. https://t.co/qkk3ljpoqq 
 thank you anthony @scaramucci @wsj "the entrepreneur's case for trump"  https://t.co/xm45ia1gtu 
 with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud 
 a political commentator for @cnn which i no longer watch said "trump showed some weakness in the repub primaries." i set all-time record 
 wow rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday was on @foxandfriends saying times lied 
 the @nytimes is so dishonest. their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by rowanne brewer who said it was a lie 
 that was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - i hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is 
 bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the dems. the system is rigged against him. he should run as an independent! run bernie run 
 great new poll- thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/szyz8gkf23 
 the @washingtonpost report on potential vp candidates is wrong. marco rubio and most others mentioned are not under consideration 
 thank you georgia! see you soon!#trump2016 https://t.co/8yfd6qa4rd 
 the media is really on a witch-hunt against me. false reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail 
 why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that i was so proud to have helped with their careers. dishonest 
 wow i have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. massive front page for that 
 why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the clintons and women? the media is totally dishonest 
 everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.i gave them many names of women i helped-refused to use 
 the failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. all are impressed with how nicely i have treated women they found nothing. a joke 
 thank you for the nice words this morning @kellyriddell. well delivered and totally logical! @cnn   @foxnews 
 wow @cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. very unprofessional. hurting in ratings - bad television 
 great new poll- thank you! https://t.co/ytzesbczas 
 if crooked hillary clinton can't close the deal on crazy bernie how is she going to take on china russia isis and all of the others 
 an incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person ihave such tremendous respect for. thank you sheldon! https://t.co/nw0n3oo4mw 
 @thehill  your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. i will not support or endorse a carbon tax 
 senator lindsey graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more 
 great meeting with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in d.c. #trump2016 https://t.co/r0nuorzisx 
 great day in d.c. with @speakerryan and republican leadership. things working out really well! #trump2016 https://t.co/hfhy9mdac7 
 if it were up to goofy elizabeth warren we’d have no jobs in america—she doesn’t have a clue 
 in interview i told @ap that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election 
 isn’t it funny when a failed senator like goofy elizabeth warren can spend a whole day tweeting about trump &amp; gets nothing done in senate 
 goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase 
 our native american senator goofy elizabeth warren couldn’t care less about the american worker…does nothing to help 
 goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you… 
 if the people of massachusetts found out what an ineffective senator goofy elizabeth warren has been she would lose 
 thanks piers. https://t.co/hiddt9hv0j 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/clhqgybbyr 
 goofy elizabeth warren didn’t have the guts to run for potus. her phony native american heritage stops that and vp cold 
 goofy elizabeth warren has been one of the least effective senators in the entire u.s. senate. she has done nothing 
 i don't want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary. his time will come 
 big wins in west virginia and nebraska. get ready for november - crooked hillary who is looking very bad against crazy bernie will lose 
 thank you nebraska!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/rrma61oisz 
 thank you west virginia!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/icgcf21fwy 
 the clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; i can’t tell the truth about her husband? don’t feel sorry for crooked hillary 
 hillary has bad judgment! https://t.co/lhciu6kmxs 
 it was so great being in nebraska last week. today is the big day--get out and vote 
 i look very much forward to meeting w/paul ryan &amp; the gop party leadership on thurs in dc. together we will beat the dems at all levels 
 via @jtanews and jason greenblatt  "donald trump is a visionary with talents our country needs" @jasondovesq   https://t.co/legjyainuh 
 west virginia #votetrump today!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/pndazjsruy 
 nebraska #votetrump today!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/hgbestbqci 
 it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position 
 it was rosie o'donnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me not crooked hillary! @marthamaccallum 
 why does the media with a strong push from crooked hillary keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes. exactly opposite 
  #repmikekelly  great job on @foxandfriends this morning. thank you for the nice words 
 get out and vote nebraska we will make america great again 
 get out and vote west virginia we will make america great again 
 thank you jason greenblatt @jasondovesq "for our children: let's elect donald trump"  https://t.co/3divyaiw2q 
 i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current 
 i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people 
 if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did 
 crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one 
 #neprimary #votetrump #trump2016https://t.co/ygd2z6enhyhttps://t.co/z2yvlmhl8o 
 #wvprimary #votetrump #trump2016https://t.co/ihdwrmdy98https://t.co/vsstoanodb 
 will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on @foxbizalert  at 7:30 a.m. enjoy 
 wow i hear @morning_joe has gone really hostile ever since i said i won't do or watch the show anymore.they misrepresent my positions 
 i will be interviewed on @cnn at 7:00 a.m 
 @drmoore  russell moore is truly a terrible representative of evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. a nasty guy with no heart 
 i will be interviewed on @newday @cnn at 7:00 a.m 
 i will win the election against crooked hillary despite the people in the republican party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me 
 on @seanhannity show @foxnews now. enjoy 
 crooked hillary just can't close the deal with bernie. it will be the same way with isis and china on trade and mexico at the border. bad 
 @kellyannepolls  kellyanne you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. keep going - i will win for the people. make america great again 
 i will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. enjoy 
 i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy 
 #happymothersday! https://t.co/t35f2y5yxr https://t.co/bvshig2ipa 
 @edgoeas thank you for your support tonight on @judgejeanine 
 remember when the two failed presidential candidates lindsey graham and jeb bush signed a binding pledge? they broke the deal no honor 
 i am honored that the great men and women of the @teamsters have created a movement from within called teamsters for trump! thank you 
 i am going to keep our jobs in the u.s. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. crooked hillary has no clue! @teamsters 
 join me in washington today!spokane tickets:https://t.co/mcbzgicmgslynden tickets:https://t.co/mtu0gem7dx https://t.co/c7hhnvo01t 
 goofy elizabeth warren is weak and ineffective. does nothing. all talk no action -- maybe her native american name 
 goofy elizabeth warren and her phony native american heritage are on a twitter rant. she is too easy! i'm driving her nuts 
 crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders. millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me 
 just met with courageous family of sarah root in nebraska. sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy 
 goofy elizabeth warren hillary clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. she is not native american 
 let’s properly check goofy elizabeth warren’s records to see if she is native american. i say she’s a fraud 
 i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate. i will defeat them both 
 response to @lindseygrahamsc:https://t.co/lsde7lhc95 
 i hear @joenbc of rapidly fading @morning_joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. this will guarantee a crooked hillary win 
 joe scarborough initially endorsed jeb bush and jeb crashed then john kasich and that didn't work. not much power or insight 
 thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now 
 crooked hillary has zero leadership ability. as bernie sanders says she has bad judgement. constantly playing the women's card - it is sad 
 paul ryan said that i inherited something very special the republican party. wrong i didn't inherit it i won it with millions of voters 
 so many great endorsements yesterday except for paul ryan! we must put america first and make america great again 
 governor rick perry said "donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency i've ever seen." thank you rick 
 unlike crooked hillary clinton who wants to destroy all miners i want wages to go up in america. we will do so by bringing back jobs 
 thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big. #trump2016 
 can you believe crooked hillary said "we are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." she then apologized 
 join me tomorrow! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain omaha nebraska:https://t.co/2owqilnutueugene oregon:https://t.co/orotbvsndq 
 bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. he should show them &amp; run as an independent 
 happy #cincodemayo! the best taco bowls are made in trump tower grill. i love hispanics! https://t.co/ufoteqd8ya https://t.co/k01mc6cudi 
 i will be interviewed by @bretbaier @specialreport at 6pm et tonight @foxnews 
 many reports that i will be attending the alvarez/khan fight this weekend in vegas. totally untrue! unfortunately i have other plans 
 join me in charleston wv - tomorrow! https://t.co/kv624y9uom 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 a.m. enjoy 
 i will be interviewed on @todayshow and good morning america at 7:00 a.m 
 i will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 6:15 a.m. enjoy 
 i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie 
 what a great evening we had. so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary. the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him 
 @oreillyfactor  please correct i won virginia 
 thank you indiana we were just projected to be the winner. we have won in every category. you are very special people-i will never forget 
 thank you indiana! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/g4jlshra6i 
 lyin' ted cruz consistently said that he will and must win indiana. if he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money 
 wow lyin' ted cruz really went wacko today. made all sorts of crazy charges. can't function under pressure - not very presidential. sad 
 make america great again!#inprimary #votetrump https://t.co/ti27thmzei 
 polls close at 6pm! #inprimary #trump2016 #votetrump https://t.co/dt9wkyagek 
 thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/tiexz8yhft https://t.co/hkt3ynccb0 
 make america great again! #trump2016 #votetrump https://t.co/okal5ui4oj 
 make america great again!#inprimary #votetrump https://t.co/mbggxsyluwhttps://t.co/ypwdz8irch 
 make america great again!#inprimary #votetrumphttps://t.co/nmqekxccv6 
 thank you south bend indiana! everyone get out &amp; #votetrump tomorrow! #inprimary https://t.co/rj11bpzqdi https://t.co/xeblvgrny1 
 will be in south bend indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon 
 will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme. enjoy! #inprimary 
 thank you america!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pvhgp2hmbn 
 thank you carmel indiana! get out &amp; #votetrump tomorrow! #inprimary #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/j07c4oyryg 
 honored to have received the endorsement of lou holtz - a great guy! #inprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/aegyodb37o 
 i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016. #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/htwd1fgn9e 
 i will be campaigning in indiana all day. things are looking great and the support of bobby knight has been so amazing. today will be fun 
 everybody is talking about the protesters burning the american flags and proudly waving mexican flags. i want america first - so do voters 
 gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa 
 crooked hillary clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." actually she has done poorly with such men 
 i will be interviewed on @cnn  @newday  at 7:30 a.m. enjoy 
 join me in carmel indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #inprimary https://t.co/tfw6b0ezdm https://t.co/ziofz2d6ck 
 thank you fort wayne indiana!#trump2016 #inprimary https://t.co/mdgrmmmk5t 
 thank you terre haute indiana!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/o6elhlae3h 
 @karlrove is a failed jeb bushy. never says anything good &amp; never will even after i beat hillary. shouldn't be on the air 
 i am on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #fns throughout the day. enjoy! https://t.co/hdzddpzirx 
 will be in terre haute indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon 
 i watched sen. graham @facethenation. why don't they say that i ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support 
 thank you indiana! #trump2016 https://t.co/shpwexfkvx 
 i will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies. see you there 
 thank you @mikeozanian for the nice comments on @foxnews today. great job 
 trump locks down delaware gop delegates. #trump2016 #maga https://t.co/sto7cyv1fw 
 the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again 
 the "protesters" in california were thugs and criminals. many are professionals. they should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement 
 @ac360  anderson so amazing. your mother is and always has been an incredible woman 
 we are now at 1001 delegates. we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged 
 thank you indiana! #trump2016 https://t.co/waui0nrnzx 
 crooked hillary clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers 
 wow the ridiculous deal made between lyin'ted cruz and 1 for 42 john kasich has just blown up. what a dumb deal - dead on arrival 
 thank you costa mesa california! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. i will be back! #trump2016 https://t.co/4p0tzvzn0e 
 new york yankees president randy levine: 'end of the republican party' if donald trump not nominated.  https://t.co/hexbzeejbc 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary coach bobby knight- tomorrow morning. enjoy! #indprimary https://t.co/c9wvhfymzs 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/zhm5w7jnss 
 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/53qhbks7ya 
 thank you evansville indiana! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/fn8clnjutr 
 heading to rally with bobby now! see you soon!https://t.co/dwssoectzn 
 so many false and phony t.v. commercials being broadcast in indiana. reminds me of florida where thousands were put up-i won in a landslide 
 i will be in evansville indiana with the great bobby knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. see you there 
 lyin' ted cruz who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory has chosen a v.p.candidate who failed badly in her own effort 
 i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 a.m. this morning. enjoy 
 thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics 
 getting the strong endorsement of the great coach bobby knight has been a highlight of my stay in indiana. big speech tomorrow with bobby 
 i am in indiana where we just had a great rally. fantastic people! staying at a holiday inn express - new and clean not bad 
 thank you laura!  https://t.co/c1ghujazn0 
 thank you for the endorsement coach bobby knight! i will never forget it!https://t.co/fchydky4f8 https://t.co/mprtrwv51u 
 join me on @greta- from indianapolis indiana at 7pme! enjoy! #trump2016 https://t.co/gtyn8glgil 
 thank you connecticut delaware maryland pennsylvania and rhode island! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/mgkh77wqt8 
 agreed! https://t.co/biyldp3ciw 
 thank you newt! https://t.co/foh7qenkuf 
 thanks dave! https://t.co/nappqnjvi2 
 thanks! https://t.co/5jisyvqinj 
 thank you! we will make america great again! https://t.co/akxod24in9 
 thank you! https://t.co/ayboob1kit 
 thank you delaware! #trump2016 https://t.co/fexthmuwuo 
 thank you rhode island! #trump2016 https://t.co/ezcvm7yc0y 
 thank you connecticut! #trump2016 https://t.co/3ggovxszsf 
 thank you pennsylvania! #trump2016 https://t.co/mucxspuhnv 
 thank you maryland! #trump2016 https://t.co/hh3h6brmis 
 thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/kl7vzbm1jp 
 lets #makeamericagreatagain maryland! #votetrump https://t.co/zttnamk1qs 
 you have until 8pm to #votetrump delaware! https://t.co/gyev6m1qon 
 thank you for a great day yesterday rhode island! #votetrumphttps://t.co/nalgniidyo 
 six hours left to #votetrump connecticut! https://t.co/u1kblmwhni 
 lets go pennsylvania! #votetrump https://t.co/twqm8av9p4 
 how bad is the new york times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. always trying to belittle. paper has lost its way 
 thank you for the incredible support- melania barron ivanka jared tiffany don vanessa eric and lara!https://t.co/mpgppfidl8 
 bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. he should show them and run as an independent 
 thank you @donaldjtrumpjr &amp; @erictrump. #trump2016 https://t.co/cmfcrzjhgm 
 make america great again!https://t.co/xhwhjuv3aa https://t.co/2xwn52iph2 
 the cruz-kasich pact is under great strain. this joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. very dumb 
 thank you wilkes-barre pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/fjbnlidwjf 
 get out and vote tomorrow! we will make america great again! #ctprimary #deprimary #mdprimary #paprimary #riprimaryhttps://t.co/ndi8szi1gt 
 passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in pennsylvania. so sad! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/rywjgph9ja 
 thank you west chester pennsylvania!#paprimary #votetrumphttps://t.co/qva1qtmhps https://t.co/cf9sybqka7 
 thank you warwick rhode island!#riprimary #votetrump https://t.co/v0d4cus1xf https://t.co/gu3p28vme0 
 on the way to the great state of rhode island- big rally. then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night 
 kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him. typical politician - can't make a deal work 
 shows how weak and desperate lyin' ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses 
 lyin' ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. shows weakness 
 lyin' ted and kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. sad 
 wow just announced that lyin' ted and kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the republican nomination. desperation 
 i am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. it is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. becoming irrelevant 
 i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally. things are looking good for tuesday 
 @andrebauer  great job and advice on @cnn  @jaketapper  thank you 
 @borisep was great on @judgejeanine tonight. very smart commentary that will prove to be correct 
 as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton. i will win 
 i had a great day campaigning in connecticut. looking for a big vote on tuesday 
 congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @ap today. amazing job 
 lynne ryan -- just read your great story in the ny times -- i am proud of you. thanks! https://t.co/zvmhysd4ir 
 thank you delaware! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #trumptrainhttps://t.co/qlxtzqpbej https://t.co/ofhbm9bcoi 
 thank you bridgeport connecticut!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/gcttknnq06 https://t.co/qcudcybzcn 
 the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. stop them now: https://t.co/clucrz2hdehttps://t.co/zumuw5wprk 
 thank you waterbury connecticut!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/5ez5nvqbe9 https://t.co/ooqaakwuuq 
 #makeamericagreatagainvideo: https://t.co/dsa2v9x3ol https://t.co/aguhmo98xm 
 pennsylvania: cast your vote for trump for potus &amp; also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district! https://t.co/1utallmfua 
 will be spending the day campaigning in connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. i will stop this fast 
 thank you pennsylvania! #trump2016https://t.co/y3ubsxbqmg https://t.co/ie23qdsvte 
 thank you indiana! was great seeing everyone on wednesday! i will be back soon! #trump2016https://t.co/mwflxykpbk https://t.co/62dkem5xvm 
 thank you california! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/ujcqbqyywr https://t.co/8rqi4mq3tw 
 thank you @donaldjtrumpjr! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/fjxjkzaaqf https://t.co/0nqlzbwufo 
 thank you for the incredible support maryland! this is a movement!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/uyq4styb0l 
 i met prince on numerous occasions. he was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. he will be greatly missed 
 cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. now he can't get to 1237. drop out lyin' ted 
 both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory. they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify 
 senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race. he said kasich should get out for same reason. i think both should get out 
 i will be doing the @todayshow with my wife melania and the rest of my family in a major town hall. hopefully it will be fun! enjoy.7a.m 
 thank you maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! will be back soon. #trump2016 https://t.co/dnetdmendv https://t.co/jbjyypesmo 
 we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana 
 had a meeting with the terrific @govpencein of indiana. so excited to campaign in his wonderful state! https://t.co/73ucyv6ql4 
 thank you indiana! will be back soon!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pxvsl8cs3b 
 #trump360 watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump tower- https://t.co/2yt2kxly9t 
 off to indiana! #trump2016 https://t.co/zqudaasaxd 
 ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. i will beat hillary 
 make america great again! https://t.co/tk6mkzpfbl 
 thank you new york i will never forget 
 thank you new york! i love you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/t1j0auwmxl 
 @cnn is so negative it is impossible to watch. terrible panel angry haters. bill o  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me 
 polls close in 3 hours! everyone get out and vote!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/eufxeffu0d 
 discussing #newyorkvaluesin buffalo last night- on the eve of the #nyprimary.lets go ny! #votetrump https://t.co/6x8dag7rea 
 1988 with oprah- discussing why i would never rule out a run for #potus.#trump2016 #votetrumpny #primaryday https://t.co/9rup33rl29 
 who did the house task force onurgent fiscal issues call- when america needed help? https://t.co/q1nerotw9v 
 #makeamericagreatagain#trump2016 https://t.co/awow5pyn7n 
 lets go america! time to take backour country and #makeamericagreatagainwatch video &amp; go#votetrump! https://t.co/lskdqgfyvq 
 #icymi: #trump2016 closing speech inbuffalo new york!#votetrumpny https://t.co/ts6mwn2oth 
 join me in indianapolis indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagaintickets: https://t.co/36c7plaqyq https://t.co/jbnytk3fye 
 thank you eric! https://t.co/pu1vdiqlrv 
 a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again 
 i am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy 
 thank you buffalo! #nyprimary https://t.co/z9qphvlzft https://t.co/4ujduovlpj 
 #makeamericagreatagain #nyprimaryhttps://t.co/awow5pyn7n 
 lyin’ ted cruz even voted against superstorm sandy aid and september 11th help. so many new yorkers devastated. cruz hates new york 
 new york we will make america great again! https://t.co/kyxbaw4fsl 
 kasich only looks o.k. in polls against hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed zero negative ads against him 
 lyin' ted cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-i am millions of votes ahead! hillary would destroy him &amp; k 
 thank you for today's endorsement new york veteran police association! #newyorkvalues https://t.co/amfbymuxuz https://t.co/zqhmkbduna 
 thank you california! will see you soon! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/vyxsxuekzn https://t.co/5rk1u4dq7r 
 i would have millions of votes more than hillary except for the fact that i had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named bernie 
 crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. i am the one person she doesn't want to run against. will be such fun 
 lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work 
 lyin' ted cruz will never be able to beat hillary. despite a rigged delegate system i am hundreds of delegates ahead of him 
 i'll be in one of my favorite places this morning staten island. big crowd will be fun 
 #makeamericagreatagain #nyprimary https://t.co/x0smlmcwau 
 thank you california connecticut maryland and pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/pwffhyzse6 
 see you tomorrow dutchess county new york! #nyprimary #trumptrainhttps://t.co/z9loikeyoq https://t.co/camlixzfda 
 will be on hannity tonight. rebroadcast of town hall from pittsburgh pa. 8:00pm on fox. enjoy! #trump2016 https://t.co/zhaxxnaohm 
 thank you syracuse! #nyprimaryhttps://t.co/9ohimg204y https://t.co/agy5p8ncox 
 just arrived in syracuse ny. big crowd great place! we will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #nyprimary https://t.co/voeqdseakc 
 #icymi: @foxandfriends this morning. https://t.co/s5puedcwi0 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 a.m. i will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled republican primaries 
 join me this weekend! #nyprimary4/16: syracuse - noonhttps://t.co/eu43s1wjn94/16: watertown - 3pmhttps://t.co/udozzisjha #trump2016 
 thank you @nypost! #trump2016https://t.co/kzgweixaeo 
 thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/ptkkrleucb 
 make america great again!https://t.co/vxvog3c5rz 
 join me on saturday- in syracuse new york! #nyprimary #trump2016https://t.co/f6jkpkb1hn https://t.co/yfjzulddcm 
 thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/7whs3vbxsw 
 big protest march in colorado on friday afternoon! don't let the bosses take your vote 
 the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses knew i would win with the voters 
 biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting 
 will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight at 10pm from pennsylvania. enjoy! #trump2016 https://t.co/8ij40zks90 
 join me in pittsburgh- tonight at 7pme! #trump2016 #trumptraintickets: https://t.co/trkj5lgxup 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/249n3ylqxs 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  https://t.co/l5tyl8u4e8 
 great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. will be rebroadcast at 12:00 a.m.  (eastern) 
 i love new york! #newyorkvalues https://t.co/dbtdhyax1v 
 thank you california maryland new york and pennsylvania! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/2lyqnmrigq 
 missouri just confirmed #trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/avtkcane5w 
 wow great new poll- new york! thank you for your support! #trump2016#newyorkvalues https://t.co/kuvcxjxjcr https://t.co/wsvmdi8vfz 
 thank you albany new york!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/iaousy5vdc https://t.co/wcituuxej8 
 join me in rome ny- tomorrow!#trump2016 #nyprimarytickets available: https://t.co/vgcdqubia1 
 tune in &amp; join me live in albany new york! 7pme start time! i love you new york! #trump2016 #trumptrain https://t.co/ry5zqux9wu 
 a very interesting piece by a very good writer @kirstenpowers of @usatoday and @foxnews. https://t.co/glumitritg 
 leaving for albany new york now massive crowd expected. very exciting 
 why does the liberal media think bill o'reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? i don't think so 
 colorado trump delegates scratched from ballots at gop convention https://t.co/wlkmyjjjr9 
 this is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. repub party is in trouble! https://t.co/wnxrqvl9uu 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy 
 the people of colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. biggest story in politics. this will not be allowed 
 how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary? great anger - totally unfair 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/tvfgm4tqkj 
 i win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz campaign. bad system 
 the @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. i want other nations to pay the u.s. for our defense of them. we are the suckers-no more 
 a great honor to visit the 9/11 memorial museum with my wife @melaniatrump today. #newyorkvalues https://t.co/ekcewrd0ro 
 bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president. based on her decision making ability i can go along with that 
 isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight 
 donald trump—the disrupter will air on @foxnews saturday night and sunday night at 8 pm et. anchored by @bretbaier. @johnrobertsfox 
 nobody beats me on national security. https://t.co/scrj4ha1i5 
 looks like i was right about nato. i had no doubt. https://t.co/x6ne3sjawz 
 jennifer is a terrific person. https://t.co/ehl702civ5 
 so great to be in new york. catching up on many things (remember i am still running a major business while i campaign) and loving it 
 ted cruz attacked new yorkers and new york values- we don't forget! https://t.co/83ur9c1qhb 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/hjygbnsxee 
 unbelievable evening. just made a speech in front 17000 amazing new yorkers in bethpage long island--- great to be home 
 i was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. pure fiction 
 it is so great to be back home! looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage long island 
 still time to get out and vote!#wiprimary #trump2016 #magahttps://t.co/hjngrr25vf 
 wow @politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! https://t.co/xtvgldxy5o 
 wisconsin we will make america great again 
 good morning wisconsin! the polls are now open! #votetrump today &amp; we will makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/cxvx5scf3c 
 make america great again!https://t.co/iixhgm7aa2 
 i will be on @seanhannity @foxnews- tonight at 10pme w/ @melaniatrump from wisconsin. enjoy! #wiprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/znfxf2wyrr 
 make america great again!https://t.co/yypr5snybc 
 leaving superior wisconsin now. thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimaryhttps://t.co/aotbaqgczr https://t.co/2c4hewrtqf 
 wow great news from wisconsin. just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. thank you! https://t.co/bf95gyswdn 
 will be interviewed on @seanhannity on @foxnews from #wisconsin tonight. my wife melania will join me for the entire show 
 congratulations jim herman! we are all proud of you @trumpgolf!https://t.co/ruutippjw1 
 just departing la crosse wisconsin. thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimaryhttps://t.co/xk2cvaz0ey https://t.co/7umxgujezi 
 this tweet from @realdonaldtrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder 
 a great day in wisconsin many stops many great people! melania is joining me on monday. big crowds. make america great again 
 a great night in west allis wisconsin! thank you! #votetrumpwi #wiprimary https://t.co/4x9gw1rhws https://t.co/sygyqtoebs 
 i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall from wisconsin- now! enjoy!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @shellhouopen. we are all proud of you @tngcbedminster &amp; all @trumpgolf clubs! great going 
 i will be in milwaukee wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pme with @melaniatrump. join us! #wiprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/l0pmewdrxn 
 thank you miss katie's diner!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/oypuyjmpki https://t.co/utsiivqpkt 
 thank you new york and pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/szicgsvgbz 
 thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimary https://t.co/alx0ay6e8j 
 i will be on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace this morning. enjoy 
 thank you eau claire wisconsin. #votetrump on tuesday april 5th!make america great again! https://t.co/ji5jqwhnmc 
 i will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @facethenation tomorrow morning. enjoy! #trump2016 
 a great day in wisconsin!thank you #racine &amp; #wausau! just arrived in #eauclaire! #trump2016#wiprimary #trumptrain https://t.co/a0ikqnepd5 
 @foxnews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack 
 @heytammybruce- thank you for your nice words on fox today. they never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with 
 great honor to have @gop general counsel #johnryder as a trump delegate in tn. rnc meeting well worth it! unifying the party 
 join me on monday april 4th in milwaukee! #wiprimary #trump2016tickets: https://t.co/l0pmewdrxn https://t.co/f7p4s6oazn 
 wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if i win all of the bad things happening in the u.s. will be rapidly reversed 
 i will be in wisconsin until the election. jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. i will bring jobs back home - make great deals 
 if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions 
 is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but donald trump on her terrible show. she totally misrepresents my words and positions! bad 
 make america great again! https://t.co/sulede2pyp 
 can you believe that ted cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a wisconsin ad talking about trade 
 we must build a great wall between mexico and the united states! https://t.co/05sjurjfbf 
 my new radio ad airing today in wisconsin! see you soon!#wiprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/iebcyqyk3i 
 does anybody like lyin' ted? https://t.co/h78esegeyg 
 for the 1st time in american history america’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! thank you 
 the national border patrol council (nbpc) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the american people 
 the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (cruz) plus 143 delegates (kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. try again 
 the club for growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a wisconsin ad with incorrect math.what a dumb group 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/aanxirujjd https://t.co/vlmynyn3sd 
 thank you new york! #trump2016 https://t.co/ondrobrdwr 
 thank you america! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/09htbbgphf https://t.co/ujnmdnvkuv 
 thank you wisconsin! #votetrump next tuesday april 5th! #wiprimaryhttps://t.co/4tymy651zp https://t.co/iobhoxebin 
 just had a very nice meeting with @reince priebus and the @gop. looking forward to bringing the party together --- and it will happen 
 the trump doctrine: peace through strength. #trump2016 https://t.co/2gd1tt8fxc https://t.co/tr1iloolub 
 thank you- appleton wisconsin!#wiprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/xkbtwhpevy https://t.co/klunuv2j5s 
 congratulations to @cnn for having the wisdom to pick trump! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/up8dhqulz4 
 please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with melissa young- miss wisconsin 2005. https://t.co/d8rbfufiwh 
 thank you new york!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/puqim93zos https://t.co/fsgpkjwk2q 
 @davidgregory got thrown off of tv by nbc fired like a dog! now he is on @cnn being nasty to me. not nice 
 final #'s just announced in the great state of mo. trump wins! new certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/zwzkhrtrqn 
 trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:https://t.co/eku5qmgjd4 
 thank you! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/svuwi7jogn 
 make america great again!https://t.co/0w4ldd7dw3 
 why is this reporter touching me as i leave news conference? what is in her hand?? https://t.co/hqb8dl0fhn 
 this was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. https://t.co/n5815rs1at 
 victory press conference was over. why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? can i press charges? https://t.co/qbw2rjkinx 
 why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape 
 wow corey lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. look at tapes-nothing there 
 how come the @todayshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @nbcnews poll for hillary vs bernie but do not show the same poll where i am killing cruz 
 i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc 
 wow @cnn has nothing but my opponents on their shows. really one-sided and unfair reporting. maybe i shouldn't do their town-hall tonight 
 we need to secure our borders asap. no games we must be smart tough and vigilant. make america great again &amp; make america strong again 
 lyin' ted i have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. you should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm 
 lyin'ted cruz is weak &amp; losing big so now he wants to debate again. but according to drudgetime and on-line polls i have won all debates 
 after the way i beat gov. scott walker (and jeb rand marco and all others) in the presidential primaries no way he would ever endorse me 
 just released that international gangs are all over our cities. this will end when i am president 
 ted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to pay fair share a must 
 a detainee released from gitmo has killed an american. when will our so-called "leaders" ever learn 
 "kirsten powers: anti- trump operative was aggressively shopping cruz story" via the gateway pundit: https://t.co/batamur1fd 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. things are looking good had a great easter-look forward to spending the week in wisconsin 
 the united states cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more 
 see lyin' ted even the @dailybeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from rubio not trump! https://t.co/okc8xajvnz 
 just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit coming 
 why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great!  jobs 
 another radical islamic attack this time in pakistan targeting christian women &amp; children. at least 67 dead400 injured. i alone can solve 
 happy easter to all have a great day 
 my statement on nato being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the u.s. are now finally receiving plaudits 
 wow sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. he is do totally biased. the things i am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others 
 i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy 
 remember i am the only candidate who is self-funding. while i am given little credit for this by the voters i am not bought like others 
 don't believe the @foxnews polls they are just another phony hit job on me. i will beat hillary clinton easily in the general election 
 wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in u.s. jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs 
 nobody will protect our nation like donald j. trump. our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. illegals out 
 lyin' ted cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with the national enq.were caused by me. i had nothing to do with story 
 the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite 
 the media is so after me on women  wow this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump 
 top suspect in paris massacre salah abdeslam who also knew of the brussels attack is no longer talking. weak leaders ridiculous laws 
 wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. how am i still number one - by a lot 
 i didn't start the fight with lyin'ted cruz over the gq cover pic of melania he did. he knew the pac was putting it out - hence lyin' ted 
 just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the trump u case but the press refuses to write about it. if i lost-monster story 
 make america great again! https://t.co/phgrt1nl27 
 endorsements for lyin' ted cruz- https://t.co/c3qebexowt 
 europe and the u.s. must immediately stop taking in people from syria. this will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! so sad 
 just announced that as many as 5000 isis fighters have infiltrated europe. also many in u.s.  i told you so! i alone can fix this problem 
 explain how the women on the view which is a total disaster since the great barbara walters left ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time 
 @theview t.v. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. i tell them "no" 
 hillary clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. time for a change i will solve - and fast 
 it is amazing how often i am right only to be criticized by the media. illegal immigration take the oil build the wall muslims nato 
 remember when i recently said that brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. i was so right 
 these politicians like cruz and graham who have watched isis and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better 
 @lindseygrahamsc and lyin' ted cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - all talk and no action! both talk about isis do nothing 
 it is amazing how @lindseygrahamsc gets on so many t.v. shows talking negatively about me when i beat him so badly (zero) in his pres run 
 we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of n.a.t.o. why? it is time to renegotiate and the time is now 
 n.a.t.o. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on 
 make america great again 
 i want to thank @realsheriffjoe for all of his help in our historic arizona win. could not have done it without you joe 
 while i believe i will clinch before cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race 
 i think having jeb's endorsement hurts lyin' ted. jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing. i spent a fraction of that and am first 
 i will be the best by far in fighting terror. i’m the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now lyin’ ted &amp; others are copying me 
 just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are 
 low energy jeb bush just endorsed a man he truly hates lyin’ ted cruz. honestly i can’t blame jeb in that i drove him into oblivion 
 lyin’ ted cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from michael douglas— just another dishonest politician 
 thank you arizona! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain #trumptrainhttps://t.co/mmpr0omwog https://t.co/dgqky0jiho 
 lyin' ted cruz denied that he had anything to do with the g.q. model photo post of melania. that's why we call him lyin' ted 
 hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november paving the way for many great supreme court justices 
 much bigger win than anticipated in arizona. thank you i will never forget 
 thank you arizona! #trump2016#westerntuesday #trumptrain https://t.co/vmczxrryg8 
 incompetent hillary despite the horrible attack in brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the muslims flow in.  no way 
 lyin' ted cruz just used a picture of melania from a g.q. shoot in his ad. be careful lyin' ted or i will spill the beans on your wife 
 pres. obama should leave the baseball game in cuba immediately &amp; get home to washington- where a #potus under a serious emergency belongs 
 obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! shame 
 #utahcaucus message from @ivankatrump! #utcaucus#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/khigcsunfc 
 #arizonaprimary message from @ivankatrump! #azprimary #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/wztdekwjaq 
 #votetrump video: https://t.co/nauxrq2q91#azprimary #arizonaprimary #utahcaucus #utcaucus #americansamoa https://t.co/bkruyyhfma 
 my heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #brussels tragedy. this madness must be stopped and i will stop it 
 watch this clip from earlier this year. time &amp; time again i have been right about terrorism. it’s time to get tough! https://t.co/8mny3gfrzw 
 i have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. hopefully az and ut will be voting for me today 
 make america great again 
 president obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in cuba especially in the shadows of brussels. he is being treated badly 
 do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place brussels was. not anymore it is from a different world! u.s. must be vigilant and smart 
 wow president obama just landed in cuba a big deal and raul castro wasn't even there to greet him. he greeted pope and others. no respect 
 big republican dinner tonight at mar-a-lago in palm beach. i will be there 
 so the highly overrated anchor @megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but i can't fight back? wrong 
 the protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my rally in arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters 
 why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my rallies  are never blamed by media? sad 
 will be interviewed on @thisweekabc this morning. enjoy 
 the rallies in utah and arizona were great! tremendous crowds and spirit. just returned but will be going back soon 
 thank you arizona! get out and #votetrump on tuesday! #azprimary #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/5itxkqxrlf 
 thank you- tucson arizona! a great afternoon with 6000 supporters! #votetrump on tuesday!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/ctgyrlnawv 
 @andreatantaros- you are a true journalistic professional. i so agree with what you say. keep up the great work! #makeamericagreatagain 
 @jessebwatters- watching your show from arizona where we just had a big rally. it is fantastic- everybody loves it!#makeamericagreatagain 
 @diamondandsilk- just watched you on #wattersworld with a large group of people. everybody loves you- two amazing people! #trump2016 
 thank you arizona! 20000 amazing supporters! get out and #votetrump on tuesday. i love you!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pu5vb1pbo5 
 wow @cnn ratings are up 75% because it's "all trump all the time." the networks are making a fortune off of me! make america great again 
 great to be back in arizona!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/uo287zgvvq 
 if crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. she is so average in so many ways 
 crazy @megynkelly says i don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me 
 thank you- new york! i love you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/wyjv9dgdqa 
 landing in phoenix now. tomorrow's events will be amazing! #trump2016 
 reading @nytdavidbrooks of the ny times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy 
 while i have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the ny times i consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world 
 heading to phoneix. will be arriving soon. tomorrow a big day. tremendous crowds expected! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! has very interesting take on paul ryan 
 just leaving salt lake city utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. love utah- will be back 
 why haven't they released the final missouri victory for us yet? could it be because cruz's guy runs missouri 
 i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7% with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you! https://t.co/k5ft585arp 
 do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets 
 everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. never worth watching. always a hit on trump! she is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv 
 thank you arizona- i love you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ftzaivtx9b 
 join me tomorrow! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/1yak4i5b7b 
 mitt romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. no wonder he lost 
 failed presidential candidate mitt romney was campaigning with john kasich &amp; marco rubio and now he is endorsing ted cruz. 1/2 
 failed presidential candidate mitt romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing lyin' ted cruz. this is good for me 
 going to salt lake city utah for a big rally. lyin' ted cruz should not be allowed to win there - mormons don't like liars! i beat hillary 
 club for growth letter- trying to extort $1000000.00 from me. remember i said- no! https://t.co/suifdimg0q 
 club for growth tried to extort $1000000 from me. when i said no they went hostile with negative ads. disgraceful 
 with millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. can anyone explain this 
 @ewerickson got fired like a dog from redstateand now he is the one leading opposition against me 
 senator @lindseygrahamsc made horrible statements about @sentedcruz – and then he endorsed him. no wonder nobody trusts politicians 
 lyin' ted cruz lost all five races on tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a lindsey graham endorsement. also backed jeb. lindsey got 0 
 join us in salt lake city utah- tonight!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/1cj7ofbqiz 
 hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life 
 make america great again 
 who should star in a reboot of liar liar- hillary clinton or ted cruz? let me know. https://t.co/esdieftwgs 
 highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. focus on others megyn 
 looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio. two more days and ohio was mine 
 see you in arizona on friday and saturday. https://t.co/hiohratmbm 
 please explain to the dummies at the @wsj  editorial board that i love to debate and have won according to drudge etc. all 11 of them 
 @wsj is bad at math. the good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me 
 @wsj editorial says "clinton primary vote total is 8646551.trump's is 7533692"-a knock. but she had only 3 opponents-i had 16.apologize 
 the reason lyin' ted cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem 
 crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.tough 
 great news that @foxnews has cancelled the additional debate. how many times can the same people ask the same question? i beat cruz debating 
 crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' ted cruz on her show last night. ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. ted can't win 
 stuart stevens the failed campaign manager of mitt romney's historic loss is now telling the republican party what to do with trump. sad 
 i will be interviewed on the o'reilly factor this evening at 8 pm on the fox news channel. @oreillyfactor 
 thank you missouri! #trump2016 https://t.co/iozgtcbbia 
 wow just won missouri 
 i am making a big speech the night of the @foxnews debate but i wish everyone well. yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins 
 thank you to the governor of florida rick scott for your endorsement. i greatly appreciate your support 
 in the last 2 weeks i had $35m of negative ads against me in florida &amp; i won in a massive landslide.the establishment should save their $$ 
 yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  lyin’ ted cruzhad zero. things are going very well 
 is this what we want for a president? https://t.co/2yyy6nyta9 
 @reptommarino  great job on television this morning. glad to have you on my side 
 @pastormarkburns you were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! thank you 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. enjoy 
 will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:40. enjoy 
 will be interviewed on @newday on @cnn at 7:15 a.m 
 will be interviewed on @gma at 7:00 a.m. big wins last night 
 thank you marco i agree! https://t.co/ptffzfno9p 
 i only wish my wonderful daughter tiffany could have been with us at mar-a-lago for our great election victory. she is a winner 
 thank you illinois! #supertuesday #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/vcfstc6wnb 
 thank you north carolina! #trump2016 #supertuesday  #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/hd4wtdonib 
 watching other networks and local news. really good night! crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable 
 thank you florida! #supertuesday #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/nzhnlqxrzg 
 thank you northern mariana islands!#supertuesday #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/oop4mls4lp 
 can't watch crazy megyn anymore. talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. with two people big &amp; over 
 word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads i had a massive victory in florida. numbers out soon 
 a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida? hope this is false 
 i will bring our jobs back to the u.s. and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again 
 in presidential voting so far john kasich is zero for 22. so why would he be a good candidate? hillary would beat him i will beat hillary 
 ohio is losing jobs to mexico now losing ford (and many others). kasich is weak on illegal immigration. we need strong borders now 
 watching john kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. remember him in second debate until i put him down 
 #votetrump #supertuesday✅florida✅illinois✅missouri✅north carolina✅ohio #trumptrain https://t.co/zyrctsfmsq https://t.co/kxrn0ev4uf 
 north carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost 400000 since 2000. going to mexico etc. no more if i win we will bring back 
 just in big news- i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 72.8% of the vote! thank you! #supertuesday #votetrump 
 good morning ohio! some additional information from my daughter @ivankatrump! #votetrump #supertuesday https://t.co/h7sbenspyq 
 don't reward mitt romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for kasich (who voted for nafta open borders etc.) 
 please remember i am the only candidate who is self-funding his campaign. kasich rubio and cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists 
 i will bring our jobs back to america fix our military and take care of our vets end common core and obamacare protect 2nd a build wall 
 rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the u.s. senate in many years. he will never make america great again 
 kasich voted for nafta a disaster for ohio and now wants the even worse tpp approved. vote trump and end this madness 
 sadly this kind of stuff even happened to ronald reagan. there is nothing nice about it! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/jc7cn1v18u 
 thank you - youngstown ohio! i love you! get out &amp; #votetrump tomorrow. #trump2016 https://t.co/oregiis6tf 
 kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in ohio. i will bring them back! #makeamericagreatagain 
 gov kasich voted for nafta which devastated ohio and is now pushing tpp hard- bad for american workers 
 leaving the great people of north carolina. amazing event. heading to tampa now! #votetrump 
 look forward to being in tampa this afternoon. wonderful crowds. thank you florida 
 we don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #votetrump video: https://t.co/wg4rgoi1bw https://t.co/oaxbvckisr 
 just received from @peterose_14. thank you pete! #votetrump on tuesday ohio! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/uvp03n7dqq 
 lyin' ted https://t.co/q0qxdgcn1l 
 the failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. they knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. really bad people 
 because gov. kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue 
 carly fiorina- i agree! ted cruz is just another politician. all talk- no action!https://t.co/08xkebd8be 
 thank you kevin. with unification of the party republican wins will be massive! https://t.co/1rmycgslsv 
 gov.kasich of ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the @golfchannel 
 ohio gov.kasich voted for nafta from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying 
 bernie sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. be careful bernie or my supporters will go to yours 
 wow kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of pennsylvania not enough signatures. big problem 
 usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. he has ties to isis. should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbhg7wyd?ssr=true 
 do the people of ohio know that john kasich is strongly in favor of common core! in other words education of your children from d.c. no way 
 #endcommoncore #trump2016video: https://t.co/kryk2dialh https://t.co/rah45igqji 
 just finished my second speech. 20k in dayton &amp; 25k in cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. thanks- i love you ohio! https://t.co/idmwg5fqsw 
 it is clinton and sanders people who disrupted my rally in chicago - and then they say i must talk to my people. phony politicians 
 the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact 
 we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida- on behalf of little marco rubio. no way to run a country 
 word is-early voting in fl is very dishonest. little marco his state chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote 
 the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 thank you dayton ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ry2p5qgcft 
 make america great again 
 on my way to dayton ohio. will be there soon 
 the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled. will be great - love you ohio 
 ohio had the biggest budget increase in the u.s. if it were not for striking oil they would be bust! governor kasich in favor of tpp fraud 
 absentee governor kasich voted for nafta and nafta devastated ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. kasich is good for mexico 
 the organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our first amendment rights in chicago have totally energized america 
 i just got off the phone with the great people of guam! thank you for your support! #votetrump today! #trump2016 
 great news! thank you governor ralph dlg torres! #trump2016  https://t.co/hxwak3iypk 
 it means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from phyllis schlafly. a truly great woman &amp; conservative. https://t.co/11remu99qc 
 thank you st. louis missouri! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/qm1mwq05j2 https://t.co/mxvfhvhfs3 
 rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. losing too much money. great news! likewise dopey mort zuckerman's @nydailynews 
 https://t.co/zq0osifejq 
 dr. ben carson- i concur. "i believe in god who can change people- he can make any of us better."@realbencarson 
 thank you! #gopdebate https://t.co/buj1yfkjvm 
 thank you america! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/8b0j8xt3dh 
 thank you mark. #gopdebate  https://t.co/jeaiavgeec 
 wow you are all correct about @foxnews - totally biased and disgusting reporting 
 another dishonest politician #lightweightsenatormarcorubio https://t.co/w7g5vj511o 
 keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/hnkkrx66hc 
 phony club for growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. they are total losers 
 thank you hawaii! #trump2016 
 this was a great evening- i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support 
 thank you michigan! #trump2016 
 thank you mississippi! #trump2016 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/wvtkl8mmhy 
 thank you america! #trump2016https://t.co/jod54eggmg 
 word is i am doing very well in michigan and mississippi! wow and with all that money spent against me! will be going to trump jupiter now 
 i hear @nbcnews / @wsj came out with another one of their phony polls. while i am leading they are totally discredited after last s.c. poll 
 the negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total #mediafraud. when you watch remember 
 hawaii:https://t.co/mnilk2l9hpidaho:https://t.co/7y5rxlpzrqmississippi:https://t.co/n43cpejiqamichigan:https://t.co/gl5jizbqic 
 #votetrumpid! #trump2016https://t.co/c6nhn6d6jx 
 #votetrumphi! #trump2016https://t.co/ccclxnisso 
 #votetrumpmi! #trump2016https://t.co/iwmxisjh6l 
 #votetrumpms! #trump2016https://t.co/kahd0uenla 
 mitt romney had his chance and blew it. lindsey graham ran for president got zero and quit! why are they now spokesmen against me? sad 
 remember i am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests 
 sun sentinel says: rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. he has not earned your vote 
 make america great again 
 thank you @erictrump! https://t.co/u1itlmcbac 
 michigan mississippi idaho &amp; hawaii: get out to vote and join the movement today! video: https://t.co/fjw8ax7e8p https://t.co/zdbarevyac 
 the club for growth is a very dishonest group. they represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for america. https://t.co/rngoapryua 
 people forget it was club for growth that asked me for $1 million. i said no &amp; they went negative. extortion! https://t.co/oq8jmoep7i 
 ted cruz was for welcoming syrian refugees before he was against ithttps://t.co/zw4o1djgfb 
 i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu. i’ll be there very soon. vote for me hawaii 
 cruz came to mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. i had a rally in madison ms with 10000! thank you 
 i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm est on @foxnews! enjoy 
 new ad concerning lightweight senator marco rubio: https://t.co/cne0skpb5i 
 thank you idaho! i love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. as president i will protect your market. https://t.co/kqx8un1jnw 
 lightweight senator marco rubio features trump univ. students in fl. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. https://t.co/jgtd590pke 
 it was great being in michigan. remember i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the u.s.and protect car industry 
 don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight rubio and the r establishment. dishonest people 
 leaving for north carolina. big crowd will be fun 
 congratulation to adam scott and all of the folks at trump national doral on producing a really great wgc tournament. amazing finish 
 i will be using facebook and twitter to expose dishonest lightweight senator marco rubio. a record no-show in senate he is scamming florida 
 we cannot let the failing republican establishment who could not stop obama (twice) ruin the movement with millions of  $'s in false ads 
 lindsey graham is all over t.v. much like failed 47% candidate mitt romney. these nasty angry jealous  failures have zero credibility 
 failed presidential candidate lindsey graham should respect me. i destroyed his run brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. now nasty 
 how do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? i will be using facebook &amp; twitter. watch 
 all of the phony t.v. commercials against me are bought and payed for by special interest groups the bandits that tell your pols what to do 
 @meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. dishonest media 
 i am at trump national doral-best resort in u.s. rory and adam scott are doing great! watch on nbc at 3:00 p.m.  make america great again 
 thank you to @jdickerson and @facethenation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. no wonder you are #1 in the ratings 
 fraud lightweight marco made a tv ad on trumpu featuring 2 people who signed these letters: https://t.co/tspfbn6ruxhttps://t.co/kfmotmqfnn 
 the primary plaintiff in the phony trump university suit wants to abandon the case. disgraceful 
 nancy reagan the wife of a truly great president was an amazing woman. she will be missed 
 david brooks of the new york times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. he doesn’t have a clue 
 thank you michigan! #trump2016 https://t.co/ttwwvrtjwe 
 florida: do not miss this opportunity to #makeamericagreatagain! thank you @ivankatrump: https://t.co/lhrndksokh https://t.co/7cnwt9rgsr 
 i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning. enjoy!  @jdickerson 
 @foxnews is devastated that lightweight senator marco rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. i won the two big states great 
 thank you kentucky! #trump2016#supersaturday 
 thank you louisiana! #trump2016#supersaturday 
 i will be at the cadillac world golf championship @trumpdoral in miami tomorrow! rory phil bubba adam and dustin all at the top 
 thank you willie robertson! #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain  https://t.co/0tupanfumr 
 i would love to be at the cadillac world golf championship @trumpdoral in miami- but even more so in orlando with the #trumptrain 
 i am watching two clown announcers on @foxnews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #littlemarco. fox news is in the bag 
 romney's failed advisors like campaign mgr stuart stevens are all over tv telling people how to win. but they lost- don't know how to win 
 @mittromney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! romney is a total joke and everyone knows it 
 thank you kansas! the line going into the orlando event is over a mile long. massive crowd expected. leaving kansas now be there soon 
 #caucusfortrump #trump2016  https://t.co/ptuldxgpkp 
 getting ready to make my speech at #kansascaucus. a great honor! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 thank you kansas! thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. really amazing! #caucusfortrump 
 to the people of kentucky rand paul didn't want you. now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain 
 why would anyone in kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate rand paul re: caucus. made a fool of himself (1%.)ky his 2nd choice 
 will be in orlando florida this afternoon. 25000 people expected. this is a movement like our great country has never seen before 
 wow big lines in kansas 
 for all of today's voters please remember that i am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign i am not bought and paid for 
 great time last night in louisiana. big and energetic crowd. go out and vote now polls open. make america great again 
 i am in kansas. will be an exciting day. big speech this morning in wichita and then go to caucus. sorry cpac (the format was fine!) 
 join me in wichita kansas tomorrow morning! looking forward to it!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/htvkgldkcp 
 thank you new orleans louisiana!#makeamericagreatagain #votetrumphttps://t.co/ti1h9xt9gx https://t.co/0bf7bolwej 
 join me in wichita kansas tomorrow morning! looking forward to it!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/htvkglvlaz 
 thank you cadillac michigan! #votetrumpmi on 3/8/2016. we will make america great again!https://t.co/8rdmqcbhce https://t.co/94mfpx0egh 
 #votetrumpks #trump2016march 5 2016 | wichita kansas: https://t.co/bkvbzvsj12 https://t.co/q8ezu9yi6w 
 u.s. senator bob corker (r-tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: https://t.co/79y1kgc7s4 
 thank you macomb county michigan! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/9tbvy6obce 
 thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/fnmplxpkff https://t.co/w1biuntvfk 
 my position on visas#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/jgmod5gr5z https://t.co/olg6n3ug9u 
 the better business bureau report with an a rating for trump university. #gopdebate https://t.co/ldj5efp3hm https://t.co/1k9u09cfqq 
 rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true not my pilot! guy owned helicopter company- don't think i ever even used 
 senator sessions will serve as the chairman of my national security advisory committee. https://t.co/jqed1p6sd9 https://t.co/n83cbs4jta 
 thank you portland maine!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/6lmfr6z8xo https://t.co/ekgxnbg6wd 
 on my way to see the great people of maine. will be landing in portland in 2 hours. look forward to it! #trump2016 
 will miss @realbencarson tonight at the #gopdebate. i hope all of ben's followers will join the #trumptrain. we will never forget 
 go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship! on now 
 the phony lawsuit against trump u could have been easily settled by me but i want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. easy win 
 why did mitt romney beg me for my endorsement four years ago 
 i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump" 
 why would the great people of florida vote for a guy who as a senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. marco rubio is a joke 
 i have brought millions of people into the republican party while the dems are going down. establishment wants to kill this movement 
 failed candidate mitt romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "r" win 
 looks like two-time failed candidate mitt romney is going to be telling republicans how to get elected. not a good messenger 
 millions of dollars being spent on false tv ads by special interest groups who own rubio &amp; cruz.when you see them think of your puppet pols 
 because of me the republican party has taken in millions of new voters a record. if they are not careful they will all leave. sad 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016video: https://t.co/ibce5tsrf7 https://t.co/bhqg1rkfy3 
 i would love to see the republican party and everyone get together- and unify.video: https://t.co/rwenpujo23 https://t.co/rt8gmf6whl 
 just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten barrack obama. (2/2) 
 failed presidential candidate mitt romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2) 
 i am going to repeal and replace obamacare! read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: https://t.co/wwivhiud06 
 @cnn poll just hit 49% for trump. interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight marco rubio has turned nasty. love it 
 why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party 
 my wife @melaniatrump will be #ontherecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pme on @foxnews. enjoy! https://t.co/yxrrkjjsgg https://t.co/trv1hj9hri 
 marco rubio lost big last night. i even beat him in virginia where he spent so much time and money. now his bosses are desperate and angry 
 why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio. check out his credit card scam his house sale &amp; his no show voting 
 the special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent t.v. ads on me 
 thank you vermont! #trump2016#supertuesday 
 thank you arkansas! #trump2016#supertuesday 
 thank you virginia! #trump2016#supertuesday 
 thank you alabama! #trump2016#supertuesday 
 thank you tennessee! #trump2016#supertuesday 
 thank you massachusetts! #trump2016 #supertuesday 
 thank you georgia!#supertuesday #trump2016 
 wow! thank you louisville kentucky! #votetrump on 3/5/2016! lets #makeamericagreatagain!https://t.co/fro6s3nkpp https://t.co/xfwwrrro3l 
 lets go america! get out &amp; #votetrump! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain!#supertuesday https://t.co/w0eaglheh8 https://t.co/rganpzzhms 
 make america great again 
 thank you columbus ohio! https://t.co/d0tok8j6jj 
 the people of south carolina are embarrassed by nikki haley 
 got the endorsement of brian france and @nascar yesterday in georgia. also many of the sports great drivers. thank you nascar and georgia 
 thank you georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! everyone get out &amp; #votetrump tomorrow! #supertuesday https://t.co/jna5yon6ha 
 great news- former mayor of dallas tom leppert has just endorsed me! thank you! tomorrow is a big day- vote! #votetrump #supertuesday 
 thank you brian france bill elliott @chaseelliott @davidragan &amp; @ryanjnewman! #nascar #trump2016 #votetrumphttps://t.co/6udcvm1gb2 
 phony rubio commercial. i could have settled but won't out of principle! see student surveys. https://t.co/kkhibh554d 
 trump university has a 98% approval rating. i could have settled but won't out of principle 
 thank you virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! everyone get out and #votetrump tomorrow! https://t.co/zg0ohodtkv 
 my wife @melaniatrump will be joining @andersoncooper @ac360 tonight at 8pme on @cnn. enjoy! https://t.co/atixhgk32n 
 governor alejandro garcía padilla said presidential hopeful sen. marco rubio is no friend of puerto rico." https://t.co/i6mhynacz3 
 #trump2016 #trumpinstagram: https://t.co/tzhtny48nq https://t.co/bpkzciseki 
 i am self funding my campaign and only work for you the american people!#trump2016 video: https://t.co/8hdc0yuobe https://t.co/o0eb479uef 
 "hillary could lose to trump in democratic new york"#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/fqr48cvibt 
 join me in columbus ohio tomorrow!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/yfhzd55gd9 
 thank you america! get out &amp; vote tomorrow! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/yplelkprpu https://t.co/xku8r5b8lo 
 my sons don and eric are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. great kids enjoy 
 thank you @senatorsessions!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/szs0qf88hr https://t.co/ul6t60ttjp 
 thank you alabama! 32000 supporters tonight. get out &amp; vote on tuesday! we will make america great again! https://t.co/rokldn7dat 
 our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. video: https://t.co/c4wjtogpkt https://t.co/z0xnapou84 
 i will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in huntsville/madison alabama! landing now! #trump2016 
 phylis schlafly: 'marco rubio betrayed us all' https://t.co/nmxmldquaa 
 little marco rubio treated america's ice officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass obama's amnesty. https://t.co/gm2wurljfz 
 little marco rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." disgrace! https://t.co/mzwpynzslb 
 little marco rubio is just another washington d.c. politician that is all talk and no action. #robotrubio https://t.co/hjwjeozn4o 
 lightweight senator marco rubio is polling very poorly in florida. the people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic 
 little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is just another washington politician. https://t.co/nslrhrqjdx 
 mitt romney didn't show his tax return until september 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by harry r! a bad messenger for estab 
 as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke- i disavow. https://t.co/oixfkpulz2 
 why would the people of texas support ted cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. he is another all talk no action pol 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/yfhzd55gd9 
 little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest koch brothers. watch 
 making a big speech in alabama today. so many people we had to move to a football stadium! come and join us 
 i am the only republican who will get large numbers of dems and indies (crossover). i will also get states that no other republican can get 
 while hillary and i both won south carolina by big margins repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.growing party 
 the republican establishment has been pushing for lightweight senator marco rubio to say anything to "hit" trump.i signed the pledge-careful 
 while i hear the koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little marco rubio the lightweight from florida 
 we need to fix our broken education system! #stopcommoncore #makeamericagreatagain video: https://t.co/xz1ecjpo8t https://t.co/s8gq6cibhc 
 thank you arkansas! get out &amp; #votetrump on tuesday. we will make america safe &amp; great again! https://t.co/evoispn8px 
 incredibly proud of my son @erictrump &amp; his efforts on behalf of @stjude in memphis tn. https://t.co/fuwhykhhnk https://t.co/zgxukbnq3k 
 it was an honor to be the grand marshall- in the salute to israel parade back in 2004. https://t.co/g7g6hfp0dh 
 just watched lightweight marco rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. he is not as smart as cruz and may be an even bigger liar 
 #rogerstone was just banned by @cnn - their loss! tough loyal guy 
 i started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the world. amazing 
 i only wish my wonderful father fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight rubio says. he didn't - total fabrication 
 fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version - amazing people 
 i am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight rubio or ted cruz 
 tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. after the audit no problem 
 i unfairly get audited by the i.r.s. almost every single year. i have rich friends who never get audited. i wonder why 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. will be talking about lightweight marco rubio and lying ted cruz 
 thank you pastor robert jeffress! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ndku8m8ry2 
 what i would do on my first day in office. #makeamericagreatagainwatch: https://t.co/dhandg8ubd https://t.co/szdzzyondg 
 thank you texas! 10000 amazing supporters! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/t2cbdktpbp 
 never let them see you sweat! https://t.co/qygvff6jff 
 thank you for your support &amp; friendship- governor @chrischristie!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/jvi6q6jh18 
 they don't like rubio in florida- he left them high &amp; dry. doesn't even show up for votes 
 lightweight marco rubio was working hard last night. the problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! mr. meltdown 
 wow every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor 
 lightweight choker marco rubio looks like a little boy on stage. not presidential material 
 lying ted cruz and lightweight choker  marco rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. they failed 
 will be at fort worth (texas) convention center at 11:30 a.m. big crowd - get there early! big announcement to be made 
 why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit 
 have a good chance to win texas on tuesday. cruz is a nasty guy not one senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done. loser 
 i will be making a speech at 12:00 in fort worth texas. really big crowd expected. will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus 
 big day in texas tomorrow! having a rally in fort worth. tremendous crowd. will be exciting! #trump2016 https://t.co/jguopujrik 
 all the online polls have me winning the debate. i really enjoyed the evening. not easy but good. https://t.co/sltmwvvm5i 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/fviuxmkrjj 
 thank you! #gopdebate polls #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/at5voilcsy 
 #makeamericagreatagain!  https://t.co/in4rabhwqa 
 thank you! we will make america great again! #trump2016 https://t.co/aht7wyviug 
 failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12 
 thank you!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/nvgopoo5qf https://t.co/0jcjfbcpjz 
 fmr pres of mexico vicente fox horribly used the f word when discussing the wall. he must apologize! if i did that there would be a uproar 
 early on ted cruz said that if he didn't win south carolina it's over. he didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide 
 thank you illinois! #trump2016 https://t.co/ol0u2krkwc 
 join me in oklahoma tomorrow night!#makeyoutubegreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/sutcdoip3c 
 i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win 
 lets make america great again!schedule &amp; tickets: https://t.co/nu39qhzxxx https://t.co/guqo1tmsmo 
 signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? https://t.co/udwqf4iziz 
 just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. i have already filed my financial statements w/ fec. they are great 
 why doesn’t @mittromney just endorse @marcorubio already.should have done it before nh or nevada where he had a little sway. too latenow 
 mitt romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. dope 
 great new poll. thank you texas! #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/vhqavsiyuw 
 ted cruz is lying again. polls are showing that i do beat hillary clinton head to head. check out https://t.co/45g7qpxq7t poll snd q poll 
 texas georgia &amp; many more vote early! this is a movement!#trump2016 vote video: https://t.co/lweckhlwnv https://t.co/o93j0a0bir 
 @repchriscollins  chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. i will not let you down! @cnn 
 when ted cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear i will get most of his votes - no problem 
 why would texans vote for "liar" ted cruz when he was born in canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a canadian citizen until recently 
 when mitt romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win 
 mitt romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy 
 the polls show that i picked up many jeb bush supporters. that is how i got to 46%. when others drop out i will pick up more.  sad but true 
 make america great again! https://t.co/ivsr0hmh5g 
 in all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @karlrove. he should be fired 
 i am in virginia @regentu presidential forum with dr. pat robertson- beginning now! watch here: https://t.co/lgucylxfgg 
 i am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! i only owe it to the american people! #trump2016watch: https://t.co/fuzx92ryim 
 @usatoday poll and @quinnipiacpoll say that i beat both hillary and bernie and i havn't even started on them yet 
 big defeat last night in nevada for ted cruz and marco rubio. @karlrove on @foxnews is working hard to belittle my victory. rove is sick 
 @melaniatrump did great on television this morning. poised smart and strong with a big heart - so much to offer. we are all proud of you 
 melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @morning_joe now (8:30 a.m.). enjoy 
 thank you nevada!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain@snapchat! username: realdonaldtrump https://t.co/e0hx1zekx8 https://t.co/uvbgpxzico 
 thank you nevada! we will make america safe &amp; great again! https://t.co/clanlig0ad https://t.co/zvvyvciad4 
 make sure you get on the trump line and are not mislead by the cruz people. they are bad! be careful 
 exclusive interview w/ my wife @melaniatrump- tomorrow morning @ 8ame on @morning_joe w/ @morningmika @msnbc. enjoy! https://t.co/fqsekwxnwj 
 go vote from now to 8:30 p.m. nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again 
 my wife melania will be on @morning_joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. interviewed by @morningmika - enjoy 
 thank you sparks nevada!#votetrumpnv #nevadacaucus finder: https://t.co/ryp3dwne0uhttps://t.co/n74lmdorqo https://t.co/so5h9lmimg 
 club for growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. i told them no and now they are doing negative ads 
 great. just reported on @foxnews that many people who supported @jebbush are now supporting me. i knew that would happen pundits didn't 
 wow great ohio poll. shows me leading by 5 points beating k 
 unlike the other republican candidates i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing in and out. i love &amp; invest in nevada 
 join us in sparks nevada today! #nevadacaucus #votetrumpnv https://t.co/5dyhpftng9 
 i am growing the republican party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past 
 ted cruz lifts the bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! the evangelicals in s.c. figured him out &amp; said no 
 ted cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be president. look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. bad 
 wow was ted cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. he used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! ted panicked 
 ted cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in s.c. he is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration 
 thank you las vegas nevada!#nevadacaucus #votetrumpnvhttps://t.co/czlnrrftw3 https://t.co/scdxt24dye 
 join me live- now in las vegas nevada! we will make america safe &amp; great again! #votetrumpnv #nevadacaucus https://t.co/iw9s9noxdt 
 ted cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. another lie-crazy 
 a big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. a total waste of time to watch boring and biased. @brithume said i would never run a dope 
 great town hall tonight at 10:00 p.m. (eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @foxnews 
 thank you vermont! #votetrumpvt https://t.co/8kgopqdb9t 
 thank you michigan! #votetrumpmitrump 35%kasich 17%cruz 12%rubio 12%carson 9% via: arg 
 great poll! thank you north carolina! #votetrumpnc on 3/15!trump 36%cruz 18%rubio 18%carson 10%kasich 7%via @surveyusa 
 wow! thank you massachusetts! see you soon. #votetrumpmahttps://t.co/mnbdupreeh 
 just watched the very incompetent mitt romney campaign strategist stuart stevens. now i know why mitt lost so badly. stevens is a clown 
 thank you illinois! great news! #votetrumpil on 3/15!trump 28%cruz 15%rubio 14%kasich 13%bush 8%carson 6%simon poll/siu 
 i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas nevada at 10pme. enjoy! #hannity #trump2016 https://t.co/mx5rxf4ohl 
 ted cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in iowa. weak rnc and republican leadership probably won't let this happen! sad 
 just saw the phony ad by cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. he got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy 
 ted cruz has now apologized to marco rubio and ben carson for fraud and dirty tricks. no wonder he has lost evangelical support 
 ted cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. take ad down ted. biggest liar in politics 
 wow ted cruz falsely suggested marco rubio mocked the bible and was just forced to fire his communications director. more dirty tricks 
 it is so important to audit the federal reserve and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done 
 thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #bikersfortrump #votetrumpnv video: https://t.co/1jedwppcux https://t.co/56gkqtm7oc 
 many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate. i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry 
 i hear the rickets family who own the chicago cubs are secretly spending $'s against me. they better be careful they have a lot to hide 
 the reason that ted cruz lost the evangelicals in s.c. is because he is a world class liar and evangelicals do not like liars 
 i am in las vegas at the best hotel (by far) trump international. i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada 
 a number of months ago i was not expected to win south carolinated cruz was and yet i won in a landslide - every group and category. win 
 thank you atlanta georgia! leaving for nevada now. lets make america safe and great again! https://t.co/whfrau67yx https://t.co/wqvxmwjk2s 
 thank you south carolina!  https://t.co/u1hodmuuh3 
 a quote was read from a parody account last night on msnbc re: jeb.  https://t.co/4twxj4blje 
 the failing @wsj wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board. seldom has a paper been so wrong.totally biased 
 i will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. enjoy 
 thank you @sarahpalinusa for your amazing help and support. big win leaving now for atlanta and nevada.the people of south carolina got it 
 what a great night. thank you south carolina a special place with truly amazing people! love 
 people (pundits) gave me no chance in south carolina. now it looks like a possible win. i would be happy with a one vote victory! (hope) 
 south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today) and make america great again 
 remember that marco rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. south carolina needs strength as illegals and syrians pour in. don't allow it 
 i wonder if president obama would have attended the funeral of justice scalia if it were held in a mosque? very sad that he did not go 
 i am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates 
 lying #ted cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy robocall. he holds up the bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol 
 make america great again 
 just finished two major speeches in south carolina. big crowds great people. going for a third now 
 boycott all apple products  until such time as apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical islamic terrorist couple from cal 
 hopefully others will follow suit. our country needs &amp; should demand security. it is time to get tough &amp; be smart 
 i use both iphone &amp; samsung. if apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists i'll only be using samsung until they give info 
 i have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: https://t.co/9cqt78cgit https://t.co/4q7ojhkoqv 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/6hp6pzpky5 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  https://t.co/zin9zl4ukx 
 remember cruz and bush gave us roberts who upheld #obamacare twice! i am the only one who will #makeamericagreatagain 
 i’m self-funding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates 
 i will replace it with private plans health savings accounts &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer 
 i was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. i will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better 
 i was asked about healthcare by anderson cooper &amp; have been consistent- i will repeal all of #obamacare including the mandate period 
 a message from @ivankatrump! #scprimary #votetrumpsc #makeamericagreatagain video: https://t.co/5nzw5bs6nr https://t.co/kex85mqxev 
 thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/q2qxhinaho 
 tonight i will be on @foxnews with @seanhannity at 10pm and @cnn w/ @andersoncooper at 10:10pm. enjoy! #votetrumpsc #trump2016 
 we will make america safe &amp; great again! #trump2016 #votetrumpschttps://t.co/wg4rgo0pnm https://t.co/3xpjvbzuk5 
 join us saturday night- for the south carolina primary watch party!#scprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/aqrhlydi0u 
 join us tomorrow night in charleston south carolina! #scprimary #trump2016 https://t.co/vauormgcvz 
 response to the pope:https://t.co/iwdjtiqyhe 
 i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a liar 
 @foxnews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." but dying @wsj is worse.their phony poll is a  joke 
 thank you south carolina! together we will make america great again! #votetrumpsc https://t.co/zkxpm9lpl1 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/nrcru08sq6 
 thank you america! #trump2016https://t.co/u9l0ja3frk https://t.co/oqv2dsa1et 
 new cbs national poll just out - massive lead for trump. the wall street journal/nbc poll is a total joke. no wonder wsj is doing so badly 
 i love being in south carolina. we are leading big in all of the state polls - saturday is a big day. make america great again 
 the just out usa today national poll where i lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup i beat both hillary and bernie 
 amazing that while i lead by big numbers in the new q and and usa today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony wsj/nbc poll 
 join us tomorrow in kiawah south carolina! #scprimary #votetrumpsc#trump2016 https://t.co/pg868uimbb 
 thank you america! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/trrdr0nlpm 
 thank you nevada! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/n6hgfdcwuv 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/umlm0gd3lx 
 jeb bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. he wants to look cool but it's far too late. 1% in nevada 
 just out nevada poll shows jeb bush at 1% he should take his dumb mouthpiece @lindseygrahamsc and just go home 
 @foxnews is so biased it is disgusting. they do not want trump to win. all negative 
 i will beat hillary easily but lindsey graham says i won't and yet he got zero against me- no cred! why does fox put him on 
 @lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @foxnews 
 interesting how president obama so haltingly said i "would never be president" - this from perhaps the worst president in u.s. history 
 why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative?  without me her ratings would tank. get a life megyn 
 thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! we are doing really well in south carolina. @cnn @donlemon 
 @brithume thinks that when republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up all of that vote. the fact is i will get much of it 
 explain to @brithume and @megynkelly who know nothing that i will beat hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other r can 
 will be interviewed by @stephenathome tonight by phone- a late show first @cbs @colbertlateshow. enjoy! #colbert #lssc 
 thank you south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/pidqny4il3 
 thank you to the 2500+ in north augusta south carolina. lines down the block! don't forget to vote on saturday! https://t.co/kayun9rfiv 
 #teamtrump is thinking of captain andrew maitner. a true american hero. #maitnerstrong https://t.co/v96l7tufwy https://t.co/uludoheib2 
 just sat down for a great interview with @phussionwyff in greenville today. watch at 5pm. an amazing day in south carolina! #votetrumpsc 
 thank you! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/tibb3bmuvp 
 new ppp poll just out - trump up big cruz rubio and bush down. the debate results even with a stacked rnc audience were wonderful 
 spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in south carolina. great people and spirit. today will be more of the same 
 new south carolina poll from ppp. thank you! #votetrumpsc https://t.co/6618oi6vle 
 what a night! 10000 amazing supporters in greenville south carolina! thank you!vote on saturday! #votetrumpsc https://t.co/jxylrdayb7 
 thank you for your continued support!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/cykncrrsre 
 response to the lies of senator cruz: https://t.co/9pgo56ytqt#trump2016 #votetrumpsc 
 jeb is a hypocrite! used massive private "eminent domain" --- just another clueless politician! https://t.co/yzt3lsutt9 
 jeb used eminent domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)https://t.co/eibcld77tv 
 i'd like to call jeb a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used eminent domain- when criticizing me! (1/2) 
 now that george bush is campaigning for jeb(!) is he fair game for questions about world trade center iraq war and eco collapse? careful 
 i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big big big! get out and vote - make america great again 
 jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates hillary would destroy them. ted may not be eligible to run - born in canada 
 funny that jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.then mommy now brother 
 ted cruz along with jeb bush pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court. roberts could have killed obamacare twice but didn't 
 wow in the new cbs poll i went way up into the forties! thank you 
 tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses 
 loved the debate last night and almost everyone said i won but the rnc did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. all donors &amp; special ints 
 thank you for your support! together we will make america great again! https://t.co/ffn9pisyq4 https://t.co/vxyudwzmc9 
 i will be on face the nation with john dickerson on cbs this morning. enjoy 
 this shows what a complete &amp; total liar ted cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated john roberts. really? https://t.co/gbnsngomom 
 even though every poll time drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot @foxnews only puts negative people on. biased - a total joke 
 #gopdebate #googletrends https://t.co/yvxfubckns 
 hey @glennbeck- see how i beat your boy ted- in your own blaze poll? your endorsement means nothing! #gopdebate 
 #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/cwp6ub5gqj 
 all polls have me winning debate big- drudge time etc. dopey charles krauthammer still nasty. he has zero cred- totally dishonest 
 how can @jebbush beat hillary clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #gopdebate stage with $150m? i am the only one who can 
 thank you! i miss my father.  https://t.co/1ipvwx0avu 
 lightweight @jebbush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in texas- lie! #gopdebate 
 on the way to the #gopdebate with my wonderful wife @melaniatrump.https://t.co/snonu6ihtc https://t.co/f0c429tvho 
 ted cruz is a cheater! he holds the bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts 
 nasty ted cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @realbencarson- saying i may not be on ballot &amp; i hold liberal positions. lies 
 wow! honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate washington &amp; lee mock convention. i hope you are right - i will make you proud 
 the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country 
 love the people of south carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight 
 thank you south carolina! we will make america safe &amp; great again!https://t.co/8pfvtzngrz https://t.co/qio0nwcfsa 
 "get on trump's list" email from the rnc was not authorized. i am self funding my campaign! do not pay. email: https://t.co/6hkw7ssxz4 
 a very big thank you to bill donohue head of the catholic league for the wonderful interview on @cnn and article in newsmax! great insight 
 totally unauthorized do not pay. i am self funding my campaign! notice has just been withdrawn. #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain 
 the rnc which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying trump wants you to contribute to the rnc 
 now an additional 600-700 jobs in america (2000) being eliminated for move to mexico- via hartford courant. https://t.co/boiyqlqgrg 
 i am the only one who can fix this. very sad. will not happen under my watch! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/8mq4imutti 
 just got back from tampa. it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! will be in south carolina tomorrow 
 word is that little morty zuckerman’s @nydailynews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible 
 when little morty zuckerman closes his failing @nydailynews will i at least be given some credit? will happen soon 
 11000 inside venue tonight in tampa! broke record set by elton john in 1988 w/out musical instruments! another 5000 outside. will be back 
 i will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! we need to make america safe &amp; great again! #trump2016https://t.co/wd3llmz01i 
 #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/7zumd4oxuq 
 millions of $'s of false ads  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @sentedcruz  and sleepy @jebbush are now running in s.c 
 last time lightweight @jebbush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. if he doesn't do better this time he is out 
 if @tedcruz doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating &amp; doing negative ads i have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen 
 lightweight @jebbush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in sc. false advertising- desperate and sad 
 after hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1m from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads 
 nothing conservative about the club for growth coming into my office and demanding a $1m contribution which naturally they did not get 
 you must be registered republican by february 16th to vote trump in the florida primary. https://t.co/xzzukjv3llhttps://t.co/lpuprzjbq5 
 the failing @nydailynews destroyed by little morty zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. it's dead 
 nevada! tomorrow is the deadline to register republican.visit: https://t.co/bhz4jvckopmessage from @ivankatrump: https://t.co/sztq1qoxeg 
 how can ted cruz be an evangelical christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest 
 lying cruz put out a statement trump &amp; rubio are w/obama on gay marriage." cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. perhaps all 3 
 weak jeb getting thrown out by management during speech. do you think he will be this tough on putin &amp; others?  https://t.co/tqej1eulvl 
 thank you- baton rouge louisiana! we will #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016 https://t.co/xv7eie7a2l 
 just landed in baton rouge louisiana. reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. wow! #makeamericagreatagain 
 cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @realbencarson. how can he preach christian values? https://t.co/p3ygl02aba 
 heading to baton rouge louisiana for a speech. expecting a very large crowd! see you soon. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. we are watching 
 jeb failed as jeb! he gave up and enlisted mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of iraq). spent $120 million.weak-no chance 
 he (or she) who hesitates is lost: make america great again 
 remember it was the republican party with the help of conservatives that made so many promises to their base but didn't keep them! hi dt 
 @markhalperin showed a focus group on @morning_joe me using a very bad word. i never said the word left an open blank. please apologize 
 jeb bush spent more than $40000000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5 i spent $3000000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability 
 there are no buyers for the worthless @nydailynews but little mort zuckerman is frantically looking. it is bleeding red ink - a total loser 
 i have been consistent in my opposition to common core. get rid of common core--- keep education local 
 thank you- clemson south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #scprimary https://t.co/fgacmafxxc 
 i was referring to the fact that jeb bush wants to keep common core 
 big speech tonight in south carolina - 7:00 p.m. tremendous crowd 
 so funny jeb bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - i assume that is a compliment 
 such a great experience in new hampshire - amazing people! will be leaving for a big event in south carolina today 
 like the worthless @nydailynews looks like @politico will be going out of business. bad reporting- no money no cred 
 worthless @nydailynews which dopey mort zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! liabilities are massive 
 dopey mort zuckerman owner of the worthless @nydailynews has a major inferiority complex. paper will close soon 
 thank you to the people of  new hampshire i love you! now off to south carolina 
 thank you new hampshire! departing with my amazing family now! #fitn #nhprimaryhttps://t.co/rbffcq8gqq https://t.co/73aozk8umg 
 we will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into new hampshire from our open southern border. we will build a wall and have security 
 we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me. we will save $'s and have much better healthcare 
 isis is making big threats today - no respect for u.s.a. or our "leader" - if i win it will be a very different storywith very fast results 
 new hampshire vote today -  make america great again 
 you can find your polling locations at: https://t.co/bmzykqozjj #fitn #nhprimary #votetrumpnh https://t.co/8lreiqhiun 
 a message to the great people of new hampshire on this important day! #votetrumpnh video: https://t.co/7s2f2gsmb8 https://t.co/9wwrwnvqiv 
 thank you for a great night at the verizon wireless arena- new hampshire! #votetrumpnh#makeamericagreatagain #fitn https://t.co/pbt7gdaw7y 
 make america great again 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. a.m. enjoy 
 the polls are now showing that i am the best to win the general election. states that are never in play for repubs will be won by me. great 
 no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so 
 i know the "governors" and jeb bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. his family used private eminent domain 
 remember @jebbush wants common core (education from d.c.) and is very weak on illegal immigration ("come as act of love"). not a leader 
 thank you new hampshire! #fitn https://t.co/uzitwkqqza 
 thank you new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary #votetrumpnh  voting questions? https://t.co/bmzykqozjj https://t.co/1tzfqvetrx 
 #votetrumpnh #nhprimary #fitnhttps://t.co/p4xcxnkxqo 
 now that bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super pacs. sad 
 today's third stop- londonderry new hampshire! thank you!#fitn #votetrumpnh https://t.co/prpcxaz7ov 
 america needs strong leadership. politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. video: https://t.co/ywzdqdzkcz https://t.co/lbxxyuzaco 
 everybody is laughing at jeb bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. a pathetic figure 
 jeb bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #commoncore and very weak on illegal immigration 
 thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem new hampshire. #fitn #nhprimary https://t.co/4m6dabtxcv 
 jeb bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a super bowl ad. he is a weak candidate 
 my two wonderful sons don and eric will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! enjoy 
 so far the super bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - make america great again 
 i am in new hampshire having a great time! loved the #gopdebate last night! everybody enjoy the super bowl. #superbowlsunday #sb50 
 thank you- plymouth new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary https://t.co/1hzn6iziew 
 thank you newt!  https://t.co/6fkwdpi0oj 
 we are going to have a big event at the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! 5k+! join us tomorrow: https://t.co/hvfhtipcip 
 great to meet everyone while having breakfast @chezvachon this morning! #fitn #votetrumpnhhttps://t.co/25uwkinuod https://t.co/bmzvsmwe7y 
 @abcpolitics #gopdebate#makeamericagreatagain #fitn https://t.co/jm6wrugqox 
 i will be on meet the press with chuck todd on nbc this morning. enjoy! https://t.co/eiyyfftnps 
 i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in 
 i will be on state of the union @cnn with @jaketapper at 9am. enjoy 
 come join us at the verizon wireless center- manchester new hampshire on 2/8! register now: https://t.co/xk5hyx226k https://t.co/zjrpnov2ih 
 i love new hampshire - will be an exciting evening 
 join me tomorrow in plymouth new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary https://t.co/zqscd1mcwm 
 the new hampshire drug epidemic must stop. if elected potus- i will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. https://t.co/ydenhqdtbs 
 wow jeb bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. not nice 
 border agent: "we might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"https://t.co/lsrixzcyjr 
 i said this was happening long ago- i will stop this immediately! https://t.co/iwxgbbvwvt 
 it never ends!  https://t.co/vdersfh5h6 
 i told you so. our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. https://t.co/izgzqr6bgb 
 10000 people in south carolina unbelievable evening! will be in new hampshire tomorrow- love it. https://t.co/tf033yjhu3 
 really dumb @cherijacobus. begged my people for a job. turned her down twice and she went hostile. major loser zero credibility 
 join me at clemson university on wednesday february 10th! #makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/x6tp1bpihi 
 heading to south carolina really big crowd! will be back in new hampshire tomorrow.#makeamericagreatagain 
 such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to #makeamericagreatagain 
 i very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in new hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake. it will be an incredible evening 
 live free or die: a motto for the whole country to follow. #newhampshire #fitn #votetrumpnh https://t.co/w04ezoy28v 
 big storm in new hampshire. moved my event to monday. will be there next four days 
 join us monday february 8th @ the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! #fitn #nhpolitics #trump2016 https://t.co/hvfhtj6o6z 
 watch @ac360 on now! @cnn 
 i will be interviewed by anderson cooper at 8pm on @cnn from new hampshire. should be very interesting 
 taking a helicopter to new hampshire boarding now. amazing activity planned. new umass poll very nice! https://t.co/xfvge0drla 
 politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd amendment. i won’t let them take away our guns! #trump2016watch: https://t.co/zl4smjmouc 
 this is the cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. https://t.co/tmav17ugkf 
 @oreillyfactor @karlrove- as per the show an even more serious cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone 
 #icymi: @karlrove &amp; @oreillyfactor discuss what ted cruz did to the great people of iowa- as they went to vote. https://t.co/tv0fnezxse 
 thank you @billoreilly &amp; @karlrove. ted cruz should be immediately disqualified in iowa with each candidate moving up one notch 
 sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat 
 thank you to everyone in little rock arkansas tonight! a record crowd of 12k. #trump2016https://t.co/mjtiq2ii0q https://t.co/i9wkpn3pwm 
 stop the assault on american values. stand w/ trump to #makeamericagreatagain!#votersspeak: https://t.co/xrrj0fmknv https://t.co/c7ehokbld1 
 thank you new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #fitn https://t.co/4efjbqxjgw 
 dr. ben carson blasted ted cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies." 
 cruz just lied again- i am and have been totally against #obamacare- repeal and replace 
 the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud 
 this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #cruzfraud https://t.co/trm7kucrsu 
 i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 p.m. enjoy! @foxnews 
 based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified 
 and finally cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that trump was strongly in favor of obamacare and "choice" - a total lie 
 the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of f) and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz. fraud 
 many people voted for cruz over carson because of this cruz fraud. also cruz sent out a voter violation certificate to thousands of voters 
 during primetime of the iowa caucus cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for cruz 
 ted cruz didn't win iowa he stole it. that is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. bad 
 great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. we said no and she went hostile. a real dummy! @cnn 
 on my way to new hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #fitn #trump2016 https://t.co/oug1erd0j7 https://t.co/9hb7jo3wrz 
 anybody who watched all of ted cruz's far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his howard dean moment 
 @morning_joe  @mikebarnicle on @realdonaldtrump: he finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro" 
 i don't believe i have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. i will keep doing but not worth it 
 i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in new hampshire. big crowd 
 the media has not covered my long-shot great finish in iowa fairly. brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history 
 because i was told i could not do well in iowa i spent very little there - a fraction of cruz &amp; rubio. came in a strong second. great honor 
 my experience in iowa was a great one. i started out with all of the experts saying i couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. nice 
 it all begins today - we will finally take our country back and make america great again 
 join us! #caucusfortrump11am waterloo: https://t.co/dgw5yk2isi1:30pm ceder rapids: https://t.co/6wztqoy4tw https://t.co/yyjq1ift2x 
 @donaldjtrumpjr &amp; his wife @mrsvanessatrump attended the #snowflakegardenbrunch- here w/ governor @terrybranstad. https://t.co/mglh9im9qi 
 watch @ivankatrump show you how easy it is to #caucusfortrump in iowa! #iacaucus video: https://t.co/bf4j2obtuu https://t.co/4ma5jskfu7 
 so nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of pizza ranch in iowa! a great guy and great places! #caucusfortrump 
 it is time to take back our country- and make america great again!#caucusfortrump video: https://t.co/y9fa8ut6ip https://t.co/bj6a0t9pv2 
 i will be interviewed on face the nation with @jdickerson this morning. enjoy 
 i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos  this morning. enjoy 
 if i would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). also vets got $6000000 
 by not doing the failed poorly rated debate i was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for vets 
 wow just saw an ad - cruz is lying on so many levels. there is nobody more against obamacare than me will repeal &amp; replace. he lies 
 ted cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important financial disclosure form. very low interest loans scam 
 ted cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run (born in canada). will loose big to hillary. polls show i beat hillary easily! win 
 i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife melania. after church i will be making two speeches and touring the state 
 @bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. when i wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed cruz. @foxandfriends 
 @bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. the people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himself.phony @foxandfriends 
 @bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. asked me for expensive hotel rooms free (and more). i said pay and he endorsed cruz 
 the cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." they are now under investigation. bad 
 make america great again! #iacaucus #caucusfortrumphttps://t.co/nu39qhzxxx https://t.co/irrzlca2ev 
 #iacaucus #caucusfortrump#icaucused #ivotedhttps://t.co/jsyl2iyjpo 
 i want to thank evangelical christians for the warm embrace i've received on the campaign trail. video: https://t.co/u6oocwgepe 
 i will be in iowa all day and until tuesday morning. finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will make america great again 
 hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material 
 thank you to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in iowa! #caucusfortrump https://t.co/osvisbwagx https://t.co/ey0wnyv9xd 
 looking forward to a great weekend in iowa! #iacaucus #caucusfortrump tickets: https://t.co/nu39qhzxxx https://t.co/xzlwspf6xe 
 @oreillyfactor  the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights as i will do for the u.s. also got $6000000 for our vets 
 @foxnews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6000000 raised in one hour for our vets 
 amazing that ted cruz can't even get a senator like @bensasse who is easy to endorse him. not one senator  is endorsing canada ted 
 @bensasse looks more like a gym rat than a u.s. senator. how the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta 
 the great state of nebraska can do much better than @bensasse as your senator. saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. wants paid for pols 
 the new e-mail release is a disaster for hillary clinton. at a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president 
 thank you for all of your support iowa!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016#iacaucus finder: https://t.co/anvtczqfoq https://t.co/fqaxume01b 
 they say that if i participated in last night’s fox debate they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record 
 thank you america! #trump2016via @drudge_report https://t.co/hva0gjibnz 
 join me tomorrow in dubuque iowa! #iacaucus #trump2016 https://t.co/rwbhdaygbl 
 thank you- nashua new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/npjgvqwyu5 https://t.co/9h8cgrcxgb 
 "every american needs to say 2 simple words to every vet they meet: thank you!" john wayne walding https://t.co/wg8ezphzt1 
 thank you!mitchell fox2 michigan poll finds trump holds 3-1 lead over closest gop opponents. trump 47% clinton 43% https://t.co/xpaev0yzgv 
 great twitter poll- and i wasn't even there. thank you! #gopdebate https://t.co/yljgkooebg 
 getting ready to take off for nashua new hampshire. big crowd will be there soon. fun 
 iowa was amazing last night. the event could not have worked out better. we raised $6000000 for our great vets. they were so happy &amp; proud 
 thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights #gopdebate! #iacaucus finder: https://t.co/anvtczqfoq https://t.co/yadqipc49g 
 good morning america! thank you for all of your support in the latest drudge poll! https://t.co/xdnixwnqwb https://t.co/yuttlnalxy 
 thank you for your support!https://t.co/mjr8d4ddrk 
 thank you america!  https://t.co/yj0kiyptav 
 #iacaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm#makeamericagreatagain!iowa caucus finder: https://t.co/anvtczqfoq #gopdebate https://t.co/hluycculcp 
 thank you for the kind words tonight @omarosa. you were great! see you soon 
 i will take care of the veterans who have served this country so bravely.#thankavet video: https://t.co/wh9gsesh29 https://t.co/wmr7jnmsyz 
 an unbelievable night in iowa with our great veterans! we raised $6000000.00 while the politicians talked! #gopdebate 
 watching biased charles @krauthammer a @foxnews flunky who didn't know that i won every debate in particular- the last one. check polls 
 "donald trump hands bill o’reilly cable tv viewership win"- @deadline-https://t.co/ytid4irw4y 
 #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:https://t.co/anvtcz8epq https://t.co/gicaoeofcc 
 i hear that @sentedcruz’s $$ man robert mercer a good man is very angry because cruz lied to him about liquidating his (ted’s) holdings. 
 20 most anticipated hotel openings of 2016: trump international hotel washington d.c. https://t.co/jd3h0lqcas 
 tennessee gop pollhttps://t.co/hfsxkaxc42trump 32.7%cruz 16.5%carson 6.6%rubio 5.3%christie 2.4%jeb 1.6% 
 it is my great honor to support our veterans with you! you can join me now. thank you! #trump4vetshttps://t.co/uvn3kud2dv 
 #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:https://t.co/anvtczqfoq https://t.co/1vjchyylzu 
 being politically correct takes too much time. we have too much to get done! #trump2016 https://t.co/8icsqeombg https://t.co/fkgkcvxvo7 
 what america needs: the case for trump great new book by the esteemed jeffrey lord @jeffjlpa1 available now. https://t.co/xehkbidapr 
 the "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. i hate to see this 
 wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at drake university 
 #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:https://t.co/anvtczqfoq https://t.co/thniqh0ny6 
 on greta 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if i'm not in it. wow- what an honor 
 fox debate advertising rates falling like a rock! tune into my special event for the veterans at 9pm est 
 thank you- lexington south carolina!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/jairniyygl https://t.co/upao2eddvb 
 it was the childishly written &amp; taunting pr statement by fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly 
 i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. (eastern). enjoy 
 i am self funding my campaign so i do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. https://t.co/qycedgsov3 https://t.co/5f7zfdivsn 
 even though i beat him in the first six debates especially the last one ted cruz wants to debate me again. can we do it in canada 
 just got to listen to rush limbaugh - the guy is fantastic 
 the statement put out yesterday by @foxnews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb 
 i refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. instead i will only call her a lightweight reporter 
 cbs's face the nation - posts largest audience since 2001#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/tzzx97fu1n 
 https://t.co/smtklpibyd 
 pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #gopdebate. without me they'd have no ratings! https://t.co/2bx54vkpqh 
 thank you america!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/7xxwd0au9h 
 "trump shows complete domination of facebook conversation" https://t.co/tpiiyk4dyc 
 "minorities line up behind donald trump" #trump2016 https://t.co/clcvogwomy 
 thank you! #trump2016#iacaucus finder: https://t.co/anvtczqfoq https://t.co/cxqth61ssz 
 do you think @sentedcruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? actually i doubt it 
 should i do the #gopdebate? https://t.co/cjtywwil85 
 @bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy 
 great honor- rev. jerry falwell jr. of liberty university one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ojygtj5qx8 
 for the great people of iowa find your #iacaucus location at https://t.co/anvtczqfoq - so important to vote! #makeamericagreatagain 
 why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying 
 i will end common core. it's a disaster.https://t.co/d83xyrqz3m#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/r0sc6zm80i 
 "donald trump retains national lead in new abc news/wapo poll with 37%: https://t.co/xpja3tbbta" https://t.co/6uaecpwqwm 
 i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on @morningsmaria  @foxbusiness at 7:30 a.m. enjoy 
 i will be doing @gma @gstephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. likewise i will be doing @morning_joe at around 7:00. figure it out 
 thank you - farmington new hampshire! #fitn #trump2016 https://t.co/bj9z3qzbqu 
 just landed in new hampshire. will be at the venue shortly. #fitn 
 phyllis schlafly’s eagle forum: ‘national review will be defunct in the next year’ https://t.co/s7qmdkv2sg 
 leaving now for new hampshire. big crowd- looking forward to it! #fitn 
 cruz lies are almost as bad as jeb's. these politicians will do anything to stay at the trough 
 cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. lies never work 
 ted cruz is a nervous wreck. he is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! his poll #'s are way down 
 i will be on @cnnsitroom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @cnn 
 i will be on morning's with maria on the fox business network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am et hours 
 find out where to #votetrump on caucus night in iowa on 2/1/16!#iacaucus #fitn #trump2016 https://t.co/xd9ig0uh4l https://t.co/ocipo2dint 
 obama's deal vs. trump's deals- https://t.co/upq3lkuupm 
 join us in iowa tomorrow! #iacaucus #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 3:00pm: https://t.co/cwqkragqfx 7:30pm: https://t.co/v2ejh0twes 
 i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn 
 i want to win for the people of this great country. the only people i will owe are the voters. #trump2016 video: https://t.co/rx7aoqqn7y 
 ipsos/reuters pollthank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/sbzp75epsq 
 it's time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada or get out of race 
 fox news pollthank you new hampshire! #fitn#trump2016 https://t.co/jc1qisbbit 
 new fox news pollthank you iowa! #trump2016 #iacaucus https://t.co/acj0hq20hv 
 i will make our military so big powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us. #trump2016 https://t.co/fxgcl9j1wf https://t.co/pjecpbmkse 
 i will be on face the nation this morning at various times across the u.s. @cbsnews  enjoy 
 i will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the u.s. @nbcnews  enjoy 
 love making correct predictions. national review is over. https://t.co/tehjtl6tnareview-doomed 
 word is that crying @glennbeck left the gop and doesn't have the right to vote in the republican primary. dumb as a rock 
 serious doubt in illinois as to whether or not cruz can run for president. first of many challenges. https://t.co/j9pngqvo5x 
 just left a great event in pella. going to church tomorrow in muscatine iowa 
 i will be on fox with the great @judgejeanine tonight at 9pm est! enjoy! #trump2016 
 @williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. you are a fantastic guy! it will not be forgotten. don and eric say hello 
 heading now to pella iowa. big crowd! remember trump is a big buyer of pella windows. see you soon 
 for the great people of iowa find your #iacaucus location at https://t.co/3kwol20zmm. so important to vote! #makeamericagreatagain 
 just left sioux center iowa. my speech was very well received. truly great people! packed house- overflow 
 a wonderful story on iowa voters by @arappeport of the @nytimes. https://t.co/fgvqsmbrkj 
 failing @glennbeck lost all credibility. not only was he fired @ fox he would have voted for clinton over mccain. https://t.co/dfcokb7ex8 
 based on @megynkelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate 
 heading to sioux county iowa where the crowd is amazing. dr. robert jeffress will make the introduction. make america great again 
 ted cruz poll numbers are down big. because he was born in canada and was until recently a canadian citizen many believe he cannot run 
 i am in iowa watching all of these phony t.v. ads by the other candidates. all bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen 
 @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again 
 i will be the greatest job-producing president in american history. #trump2016 #votetrump https://t.co/tykxct5ztg https://t.co/oc480lwvqg 
 i am in iowa. will be making two speeches today. good luck to all of the great folks on the east coast. enjoy the beauty of the storm 
 a wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. i am for the people and the people are for me. #trump2016 https://t.co/6rh849dlyz 
 is cruz honest? he is in bed w/ wall st. &amp; is funded by goldman sachs/citi low interest loans. no legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets 
 cruz did not renounce his canadian citizenship as a us senator- only when he started to run for #potus. he could be canadian prime minister 
 cruz says i supported tarp which gave $25 million to goldman sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. puppet 
 the only reason irrelevant @glennbeck doesn't like me is i refused to do his failing show - asked many times. very few listeners - sad 
 @brentbozell one of the national review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. why doesn't he say that 
 just watched jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. jeb --- mom can't help you with isis the chinese or with putin 
 ted cruz went down big in just released reuters poll - what's going on? is it goldman sachs/citi loans or canada 
 rush limbaugh is great tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! thanks rush! #trump2016 
 the tax scam washington post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. really dishonest reporting 
 just received the new fox poll.thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/qknineus8h 
 wow! new national zogby poll just out:.trump 45. cruz 13. rubio 8. big numbers 
 leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls 
 new national gop zogby poll#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/ma6oabmypf https://t.co/evqfrwkbd1 
 "national black republican association endorses donald j. trump" #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/9ipw30g5og 
 new reuters poll! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/kdvzouia4i 
 the dying @nro national review has totally given up the fight against barrack obama. they have been losing for years. i will beat hillary 
 wow! this might be my highest # yet! thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! https://t.co/o1l1xnzvhu 
 after spending $89 million @jebbush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. he is ashamed to use the name "bush" in ads. low energy guy 
 the failing @nro national review magazine has just been informed by the republican national committee that they cannot participate in debate 
 highly respected constitutional law professor mary brigid mcmanamon has just stated "ted cruz is not eligible to be president." big problem 
 #tedcruz eligibility to be president not settled law says cruz' constitutional law professor #laurencetribe https://t.co/gwkojsbinz" 
 ted cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn't have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines 
 the late great william f. buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying national review 
 very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead 
 national review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. it's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. sad 
 thank you iowa! #fitn #iacaucus#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/wvjldvtsag 
 why does @greta have a fired bushy like dummy john sununu on- spewing false info? i will beat hillary by a lot she wants no part of trump 
 #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/vfuwgigjn4 
 thank you new hampshire!#trump2016 https://t.co/tg9ozkly4l 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/pcdmyio1zt 
 thank you iowa! #trump2016 https://t.co/ryhehetlqn 
 happy birthday to my friend the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy 
 new day on cnn treats me very badly. @alisyncamerota is a disaster. not going to watch anymore 
 low energy candidate @jebbush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. millions spent on me. he should go home and relax 
 sad sack @jebbush has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying i won't beat hillary - i will. but he can't beat me 
 so sad that @cnn and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in oklahoma. dishonest reporting 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016unifying the nationvideo: https://t.co/1zwe5r183k https://t.co/md10pl1wn8 
 wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @sarahpalinusa endorsement that cruz so desperately wanted. glenn is a failing crying lost soul 
 new cnn/wmur new hampshire poll just released. thank you! #fitn #trump2016 https://t.co/szr9tau20g 
 bob dole warns of ‘cataclysmic’ losses with ted cruz and says donald trump would do better via new york times: https://t.co/txealrz4uy 
 thank you new hampshire! #fitn#trump2016 #nhpolitics https://t.co/3fkmzpaedr 
 thank you florida! #trump2016 https://t.co/npcw1an2ht 
 15k in ok! had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! so much love in the crowd! thanks! https://t.co/xsoereiyua 
 great rally in iowa! such wonderful people. traveling now with @sarahpalinusa to tulsa- massive crowd expected! https://t.co/gak4kebhoh 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016life changing experiencevideo: https://t.co/8kaswds0bc https://t.co/0bstlvq7v9 
 i am greatly honored to receive sarah palin's endorsement tonight. video: https://t.co/4p7amki4iq https://t.co/bjtpvwm4nw 
 judge jeanine slams gop establishment:https://t.co/gehfz3nahi 
 #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #economy - video: https://t.co/krcusyfplb https://t.co/ksvyvivdc2 
 palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in trump tower said ralph reed the chairman of the faith &amp; freedom coalition 
 wow the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that "ted cruz must be defeated." big shoker! people do not like ted 
 a true honor to receive the endorsement of john wayne's daughter....read: https://t.co/x6jr0wvbvd https://t.co/1e6gk0psqh 
 in the just released sc poll i increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. up by 14! cruz dropped 3. https://t.co/qm4jusyaqh 
 thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to liberty university yesterday- @jerryjrfalwell. https://t.co/vjgj7ac5te 
 thank you georgia! i appreciate all of your support. #trump2016 https://t.co/onbgrpjkdl 
 @freejessejames- just read your complete statement. you are an amazing guy &amp; i really appreciate your words &amp; support. i will see you soon 
 on my way to iowa- just received new national poll numbers. thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/sq9uevw4vp 
 really disgusting that the failing new york times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories 
 dope frank bruni said i called many people including karl rove losers-true! i never called my friend @howardstern a loser- he’s a winner 
 @tedcruz conflicting stances on birthright citizenship [14th amendment] gives #teamtrump credit. https://t.co/0x2qed7174 
 wow new polls just out have trump up and cruz down - he is a nervous wreck 
 @thebrodyfile great job on @ac360. thank you for the very smart and kind words 
 ".@thebrodyfile exclusive: @realdonaldtrump says he will protect evangelicals better than @tedcruz https://t.co/bldnkyzmbe… #cbnnews #2016" 
 i don't think ted cruz can even run for president until he can assure republican voters that being born in canada is not a problem. doubt 
 ted cruz is falling in the polls. he is nervous. people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks 
 i loved being at liberty university today! record setting crowd unbelievable people! thank you jerry and becki! https://t.co/yrlgb7wxyh 
 we launched a new series of #trump2016 videos via facebook. a new topic everyday! watch: https://t.co/nxwnocwzgc https://t.co/52e3lu3w77 
 a great morning with everyone @libertyu! thank you! off to new hampshire now. #trump2016 https://t.co/xuwganbq8k https://t.co/aemumqsowm 
 leaving for liberty university. i'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #trump2016 
 just a reminder that ted cruz supported liberal justice john roberts who gave us #obamacare. https://t.co/gbnsngomom 
 thank you @ivankatrump for the kind words. i am very proud of the role model you are for so many. nh &amp; ia radio ad: https://t.co/nqjjvdapng 
 i am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money not controlled.  cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his n.y. bosses 
 far more killed than anticipated in radical islamic terror attack yesterday. get tough and smart u.s. or we won't have a country anymore 
 big announcement in ames iowa on tuesday! you will not want to miss this rally! #trump2016 https://t.co/j2wyafxdlz https://t.co/lervfowpmx 
 iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from u.s. rather airbus 
 in iran deal we get 4 prisoners. they get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list. this will create great incentive for others 
 interesting read from peggy noonan. https://t.co/jaxiy8xsem 
 is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? https://t.co/rygx9vazku 
 wow! ted cruz received $487k in campaign contributions $11m from a ny hedge fund mogul &amp; $1m low int. loan from goldman sachs. hypocrite 
 departing nh now- great morning with record crowd in portsmouth- in a snow storm! thank you! https://t.co/m98woouwsg https://t.co/izbmhezolh 
 greatly dishonest of @tedcruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up wall st 
 when will @tedcruz give all the new york based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him 
 everybody that loves the people of new york and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like ted cruz out of politics 
 if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage 
 ted is the ultimate hypocrite. says one thing for money does another for votes. https://t.co/hxdfy0mjvw 
 great new numbers. thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/z1lqdxqvrl https://t.co/gfynuwwcyn 
 ted cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. they own him 
 based on the fact that ted cruz was born in canada and is therefore a "natural born canadian" did he borrow unreported loans from c banks 
 oh no just reported that ted cruz didn't report another loan this one from citi. wow no wonder banks do so well in the u.s. senate 
 the ted cruz wiseguy apology to the people of new york is a disgrace. remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there 
 was there another loan that ted cruz forgot to file. goldman sachs owns him he will do anything they demand. not much of a reformer 
 ted cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a canadian citizen. he also forgot to file his goldman sachs million $ loan papers.not believable 
 ted cruz was born in canada and was a canadian citizen until 15 months ago. lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. i told you so 
 more radical islam attacks today - it never ends! strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. no more being politically correct 
 @frankluntz is a total clown. has zero credibility!  @foxnews  @megynkelly 
 @oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that i supported john mccain big league in 2008 not obama 
 just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon 
 @geraldorivera  thank you geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. you are a true champion! thank @ericbolling - great guy 
 jusr watched  #harveypitt on @teamcavuto - he was great 
 top searched candidate by state as seen in the #gopdebate media filing center. we will make america great again! https://t.co/nwkprmwfnr 
 sen. lindsey graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for president and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of bush 
 jeb bush who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero just got graham endorsement. graham quit at o 
 wsj/nbc poll: donald trump widens his lead in republican presidential race. #trump2016 https://t.co/r2i8fhpjb4 
 do you think iran would have acted so tough if they were russian sailors? our country was humiliated 
 @thebrodyfile: "trump's appeal to evangelicals is real" #trump2016 https://t.co/xb04quqj1m https://t.co/3xdexzv5ge 
 united states looks more and more like a paper tiger. won't be that way if i win 
 iran humiliated the united states with the capture of our 10 sailors. horrible pictures &amp; images. we are weak. i will not forget 
 stuart stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. romney campaignhis booketc. why does @andersoncooper put him on 
 why does @cnn &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist stuart stevens - who lost big for romney - on the show 
 @erictrump- unbelievable job on #foxnews with @greta. that was better than i could do! #trump2016 
 thank you! #votetrump https://t.co/y7pnmqcs7j 
 thank you iowa! highly respected @oann @gravismarketing poll just released. #votetrump #iowacaucus https://t.co/ecs9xyxaxl 
 thank you! #votetrumphttps://t.co/g7eeysmudl 
 my nomination would increase voter turnout. #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/6kjcastcjg 
 sadly there is no way that ted cruz can continue running in the republican primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. dems will sue 
 thank you for your support last night iowa! #votetrump #trump2016 #iacaucus #fitn #iapolitics https://t.co/xrvznatru7 
 iran toys with u.s. days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars. don't release money. we want our hostages back now 
 numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton. in a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in u.s. history-i get most new voters 
 the state of the union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive i have heard in a long time. new leadership fast 
 just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on iowa push polls negative to me. not nice but ok! new polls are great 
 the #sotu speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch 
 the iran deal is terrible. why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to russia. #sotu 
 new cbs poll. #trump2016https://t.co/sfprhhelbd 
 another new iowa poll just released. thank you! #iacaucus #fitn https://t.co/rgkrruqpm7 
 such a serious problem for ted &amp; the gop. great doubt dems will sue! let's all work together to solve this problem. https://t.co/cnl6dmfb6q 
 on my way to cedar falls iowa now. will be great--i love the people of iowa 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/qmdcckppeu 
 the tonight show begins in 5 minutes. enjoy 
 @stuartpstevens horrible advise to mitt romney made victory an impossibility. don't blame mitt! now stevens can't get a job 
 fantastic job on @cnn  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon 
 don't forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 p.m. you will not be disappointed!  @nbc 
 face the nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. congratulations and wow!  @cbsnews @jdickerson 
 @majorcbs major garrett of @cbsnews covers me very inaccurately. total agenda bad reporter 
 thank you michael harrison @talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated 
 will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy! #trump2016 https://t.co/z9zbkfxjqb 
 @megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by trump. she is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her 
 new iowa poll. thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/19sshz8dsu 
 @ringlingbros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same 
 congratulations to @jdickerson of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! thank you 
 just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ksguihkiwa 
 so professional of @abc news to throw out the failing @unionleader newspaper from their debate. paper won't survive highly unethical 
 great job on fox this morning @katiepavlich. i am sending out for your book immediately. thank you very much 
 congratulations to my friend @theslystallone on winning a #goldenglobe. a wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved 
 why does @thisweekabc w/ @gstephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @abc can do much better than him 
 thank you to our law enforcement officers! #lesm #trump2016 https://t.co/sfuuvrx33e 
 union leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the abc news debate like a dog. for starters try getting a new publisher 
 ul has lost all credibility under joe mcquaid w circulation dropping to record lows. they aren't worthy of representing the great people nh 
 this is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. i said it should not be allowed and abc agreed 
 if their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win 
 i am pleased to announce that i had the union leader removed from the upcoming debate. https://t.co/dl8hdpzhoi 
 remember get time magazine! i am on the cover. take it out in 4 years and read it again! just watch 
 heading now for reno nevada for a big rally. good poll numberd all over 
 in the just out @foxnews poll i easily beat hillary clinton - and i havn't even focused on her yet. on our way: make america great again 
 yesterday in iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. they love that i am the only candidate self-funding 
 i want to thank the people of iowa for an unbelievable day. the crowds were amazing. will be back tuesday 
 will be on meet the press with @chucktodd tomorrow morning. enjoy 
 i will be interviewed by chris wallace on fox tomorrow morning. tune in 
 i'm protesting the @unionleader from having anything to do w/ abc debate. their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved 
 (2/2) david brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! read it! https://t.co/9n5ccrefkn 
 (1/2) time magazine has me on the cover this week. david von drehle has written one of the best stories i have ever had 
 thank you so much. earnest must have been a great person. https://t.co/2dzp7yoadj https://t.co/2ytllewceb 
 @jonahnro watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- i have been waiting for them for a long time. thank you 
 thank you @thefix- chris cillizza. it is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. https://t.co/0vxlt9iebr 
 constitutional law expert  #laurence tribe of harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled) 
 south carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). i am now off to iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. love it 
 pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @cnn - way to go pat way ahead of your time 
 great even in sc tonight! fire marshall would not let everyone in-- 5000 turned away. thank you for coming 
 will be at venue in wonderful south carolina very soon. big traffic back-up tremendous crowd! will be wild 
 #foxnews poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/dkuyzlrtz3 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/3hmclwl9gt 
 love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to trump. i will create jobs like no one else. their #dem leaders can’t compete 
 i hope all workers demand that their @teamsters reps endorse donald j. trump. nobody knows jobs like i do! don’t let them sell you out 
 on my way to south carolina. big crowd--- look forward to it 
 not good news for jeb bush  https://t.co/5crp5zdxsz 
 hank greenberg formerly of aig gave $10 million to the @jebbush campaign 3 months ago. he is not happy a total waste of money 
 great time in burlington vermont. crowd was amazing 
 we could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. the movement to make america great again is unbelievable! https://t.co/nhpdgm57yj 
 i'm leaving now for burlington vermont. it will be wild 
 joy behar who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings is even worse on @theview. we love barbara 
 the @theview @abc once great when headed by @barbarajwalters is now in total freefall. whoopi goldberg is terrible. very sad 
 hillary and her friends! https://t.co/q45ttapqmi 
 weak &amp; ineffective @jebbush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. false advertising 
 i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it 
 @sentedcruz ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the dems on citizen issue. go to court now &amp; seek declaratory judgment--you will win 
 massive crowd in vt tonight. venue not big enough. officials say no to outside event and sound system. arrive early 
 man shot inside paris police station. just announced that terror threat is at highest level. germany is a total mess-big crime. get smart 
 i will be in beautiful burlington vermont tonight for a rally. will be great fun. make america great again 
 it was a very wise move that ted cruz renounced his canadian citizenship 18 months ago. senator john mccain is certainly no friend of ted 
 @macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the s&amp;p last year plunging 46%. very disloyal company. another win for trump! boycott 
 the failing @unionleader newspaper in n.h. just sent the trump organization a letter asking that we take ads. how stupid how desperate 
 do you believe that @unionleader in nh was demanding ads? look at enclosed letter from them just received: https://t.co/nucdhbzah9 
 i will be on @wolfblitzer for a @cnnsitroom interview today. please join us 5pm et 
 huge crowd expected tomorrow night! vt police say first come first serve. arrive early 
 don’t like @samuelljackson’s golf swing.  not athletic. i’ve won many club championships. play him for charity 
 i don’t cheat at golf but @samuelljackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials 
 happy birthday to my son @erictrump! very proud of you!https://t.co/zhmkiqnuwl https://t.co/ijzw2ndjya 
 germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. new years eve was a disaster. think 
 i am in new hampshire. just received great news from reuters poll. thank you for your support! https://t.co/yzp9dgfbce 
 i don’t know @samuelljackson to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many tv commercials—boring. not a fan 
 wow @unionleader circulation in nh has dropped from 75000 to around 10—bad management. no wonder they begged me for ads 
 the rally in lowell massachusetts was amazing. 10000 people going wild. make america great again 
 woody johnson owner of the nyjets is @jebbush’s finance chairman. if woody would’ve been w/me he would’ve been in the playoffs at least 
 i look forward to being in lowell massachusetts today. i hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun 
 by the way hillary &amp; the msm forgot to mention that hillary is in the al-shabaab terror video. https://t.co/grannsrxjr 
 the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch 
 iran with all of the money and all else given to them by obama has wanted a way to take over saudi arabia &amp; their oil. they just found it 
 @ruthmarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on face the nation.no focus poor level of concentration-but correct on hillary lying 
 @chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that "attacking bill to get to hillary has never worked before." wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won 
 does anybody remember when bill clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch 
 thank you for your support in biloxi ms! let's all get out &amp; vote in 2016 so we can #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/rszf12kyhn 
 hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. if she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm 
 al-shabbab not isis just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if i speak out against them which i must. hillary lied 
 hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a d.t. video. the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate 
 just returned from mississippi - a great evening 
 thank you #biloxi #mississippi! remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; #votetrump2016! https://t.co/hfydky5dkq 
 just arrived in mississippi for the rally. word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. will be an amazing evening 
 heading to biloxi mississippi. massive crowds expected. thank you for your support! #votetrump2016 https://t.co/1vmngemlzt 
 remember i am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. i'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the u.s.a. 
 when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$ 
 i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women 
 hillary clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. jeb bush is a low energy individual but hillary is not much better 
 hillary clinton said that it is o.k. to ban muslims from israel by building a wall but not o.k. to do so in the u.s. we must be vigilant 
 @jebbush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. has no chance 
 @jebbush is a sad case. a total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on trump hit ads 
 massive crowds expected in mississippi tomorrow night. look forward to it! 2015 in photos: https://t.co/29z0xuxvf0 https://t.co/utrl0unqau 
 #votetrump2016 &amp; together we will #makeamericagreatagain! thank you for your support! https://t.co/bziqushnbi 
 thank you so much to https://t.co/8omryruvet for naming me the 2015 man of the year. this is indeed a great honor for me 
 the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is by far me. it will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped 
 i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it 
 well the year has officially begun. i have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around 
 happy new year from #maralago! thank you to my great family for all of their support. https://t.co/6usqsiaaj7 
 #happynewyearamerica! https://t.co/eeqb8pdrue 
 happy new year &amp; thank you! https://t.co/yo1yi8qbzy https://t.co/uxuxwj1rbv 
 i will be on @foxnews live  with members of my family at 11:50 p.m. we will ring in the new year together! make america great again 
 i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to finally make america safe again and great again 
 do you believe that the state department on new year's eve just released more of hillary's e-mails. they just want it all to end. bad 
 thank you illinois! let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to vote in 2016! https://t.co/lg5kmbnlyk https://t.co/dtmasiq4cf 
 happy birthday to my son @donaldjtrumpjr! very proud of you! #tbt https://t.co/ulerceocgx https://t.co/nbxpvdarjm 
 i would feel sorry for @jebbush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ieixos0wh9 
 people ask "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @jebbush when he is so low in the polls?" because of his big $ hit ads on me 
 @jebbush has spent  $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls. i have spent almost nothing and am at the top. win!  @hughhewitt 
 a great day in south carolina. record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. this is now a movement to make america great again 
 i predict that dying @unionleader newspaper which has been run into the ground by publisher "stinky" joe mcquaid will be dead in 2 years 
 a lovely letter from the daughter of the late great john wayne. our country could use a john wayne right now. https://t.co/rhn5gvnbqm 
 great poll- thank you nevada!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/9lr1v6vjjb 
 i'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night 
 thank you hilton head south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/tbad5meyce 
 thank you hilton head south carolina! @scteamtrump #trump2016 https://t.co/rlcz17tias https://t.co/l5ialbsdkw 
 i never thought i'd be saying this but i've really enjoyed  @richlowry on television lately and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity 
 joe mcquaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @unionleader. it's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much 
 the dying @unionleader newspaper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out 
 iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people. i'm now in florida getting ready to go to south carolina. big crowd very exciting 
 @charleshurt   you were great on @seanhannity last night. thanks for the nice words. make america great again 
 thank you council bluffs iowa! the silent majority is silent no more!#trump2016 #fitn https://t.co/vtae68eq1k https://t.co/ipsjpvh5jp 
 joe mcquaid (@deucecrew) of the dying union leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical 
 the great people of new hampshire who i love are not properly served by the dying union leader newspaper 
 shows how dumb joe mcquaid (@deucecrew) of the dying union leader is to put out the letter i wrote saying why i didn't do his failed debate 
 i hope @tgowdysc does better for rubio than he did at the #benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for republicans &amp; america 
 we need a real president! https://t.co/nw7biaw7hv 
 looking forward to being in council bluffs iowa later today. despite weather rally is on -- will be fantastic! #makeamericagreatagain 
 so i have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. jeb bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. run country my way 
 my campaign for president is $35000000 under budget i have spent very little (and am in 1st place).now i will spend big in iowa/n.h./s.c 
 "minorities line up behind.....donald trump" #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/cemkihlzbk https://t.co/sxuutw2onm 
 @jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @foxnews - he really gets it 
 remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible failed badly and was called a racist 
 thank you- nashua new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #nhpolitics #fitn https://t.co/qpj5gb3wib https://t.co/i1lmmcyk3l 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/dtl7uybyeh https://t.co/yhquqiuswl 
 thank you to a #trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. video: https://t.co/yawywelmwa 
 strange but i see wacko bernie sanders allies coming over to me because i'm lowering taxes while he will double &amp; triple them a disaster 
 wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few  and people have lost faith in our leaders.we need smart and strong leadership now 
 many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries. we now are part time sad! i will fix 
 the middle-class has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. bad 
 if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women's card on me she's wrong 
 hopefully the republican national committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in virginia's republican party. fast 
 straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late. stupid!  rnc 
 @berniesanders-who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie 
 the voters the republican party of virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. the dems love it! be smart and win for a change 
 r.p.virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. will now not allow desperately needed new voters. suicidal mistake. rnc must act now 
 it begins republican party of virginia controlled by the rnc is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters. bad 
 i will do far more for women than hillary and i will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina 
 thank you! #trump2016https://t.co/ce9f0mukfm https://t.co/xnv9bg2ccy 
 hillary clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but he's demonstrated a penchant for sexism so inappropriate 
 a new terror warning was issued for european cties. at what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. weak leaders 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 story: https://t.co/pbokbgiavb https://t.co/wm9y7e9rzb 
 criminal deportations in the u.s. are the lowest number in many years. we are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. must change 
 the phoenix v.a. it has just been reported is in worse shape than ever before. the wait is horrendous and people are dying. i will fix it 
 the same people that said i wouldn't run or that i wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%) now say i won't beat hillary 
 @chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until i came along-no ratings. i will beat hillary 
 @cnn just announced that trump was #1 story of 2015. totally meaningless however if we don't win it all and make america great again 
 when will the democrats and hillary in particular say "we must build a wall a great wall and mexico is going to pay for it?" never 
 our great veterans are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the v.a. that will stop i will fix this quickly 
 remember when failed candidate @jebbush said that illegals came across the border as an act of love? he's spent $59 million and is at 3% 
 we have many problems in our house (country!) and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again 
 does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics 
 @deedeesorvino was great today on @foxnews  she gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly. have her on more 
 merry christmas to all. have a great day and have a really amazing year. together we will make america great again! it will be done 
 @danielhalper  great job on @cnn today. very wise indeed 
 @halliejackson why didn't you report hillary lying about the isis video. bad reporting. perhaps @nbc will do better next year-but doubt it 
 i am now in palm beach florida and will be going to church tonight. make america great again 
 @meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @cnn poll where i am at 39% 21points higher than cruz. be honest chuck 
 why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @cnn poll when discussing how well i am doing instead of the older q poll? cnn even better 
 wow because of the pressure put on by me ice to launch large scale deportation raids. it's about time 
 next year will be an interesting one. i look forward to running against hillary clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly 
 third rate reporters amy chozick and maggie haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the hillary circle of bias. think about bill 
 wow even lowly rand paul has just past @jebbush in the new @cnn poll. jeb is at 3% i'm at 39%. stop throwing your money down the drain 
 in the ridiculous @jebbush ad about me jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn't allow my answer which destroys him - so sad 
 poor @jebbush spent $50 million on his campaign i spent almost nothing. he's bottom (and gone) i'm top (by a lot). that's what u.s. needs 
 a great christmas movie &amp; perfect #tbt! #makeamericagreatagain story: https://t.co/qupzphfhv3 https://t.co/psevbwujiv 
 hillary said "i really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." i deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity 
 merry christmas &amp; happy holidays!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/xivw5ldtqv https://t.co/sqim2yyoch 
 hillary when you complain about "a penchant for sexism" who are you referring to. i have great respect for women. be careful 
 it is hard to believe i am winning by so much when i am treated so badly by the media.  new @cnn poll amazing in all categories. 21 pt. lead 
 why does @foxnews give @karlrove so much airtime. he (and other fox pundits) is so biased. still thinks romney won. unfair coverage of trump 
 @foxnews treats me so badly. using old quinnipiac poll where i have a much smaller lead than the just out @cnn poll. all negative 
 the @washingtonpost which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. bad 
 the silent majority- is silent no more! remember the importance of voting!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/wbdsg5ab25 
 the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/e9des4huwq 
 thank you america! together- we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/mwmfn4aswh 
 big news just out - new @cnn poll  trump  39 and leads in every major category. likeability way up. cruz 18  carson 10  rubio 10 
 we need a president with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again 
 it is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. sad 
 when i said that hillary clinton got schlonged by obama it meant got beaten badly. the media knows this. often used word in politics 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/tudwrg6rsd 
 wow new reuters poll just out. big lead if you want to make america great again!  trump 37  cruz 11 this is at the top of drudge 
 for those on tv defending my use of the word "schlonged" bc #msm is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. dishonest #msm 
 npr's @nealconan said "schlonged" to wapo re: 1984 mondale/ferraro campaign: "that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #hypocrisy 
 once again #msm is dishonest. "schlonged" is not vulgar. when i said hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly 
 jeb's big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesn't have me answering jeb's statements. he is really pathetic 
 watching @cnn and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. boring and biased 
 women defy media narrative love trump at packed michigan rally.video: https://t.co/yreuny7sha https://t.co/de9odwirqi 
 @jebbush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around incoherent 
 why doesn't @jebbush in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate 
 will @jebbush in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate 
 @jebbush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. will never work 
 weak and low energy @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy 
 video from michigan last night. after asking for months the media panned their cameras! https://t.co/jxws0y08l7 https://t.co/ikjkpmoaeu 
 thank you america! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/x0qaqjjmj0 
 thank you - michigan!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/5gilnqkyzj 
 thank you - new hampshire!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/vlgf418r2x https://t.co/zzleg3vnjn 
 thank you grand rapids michigan! time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland! https://t.co/cyrcfwxjg3 https://t.co/pprriltfga 
 @herschelwalker thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated 
 getting ready to leave for michigan - will be an amazing evening! see you there 
 do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by isis. there is no video 
 thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work 
 a suicide bomber has just killed u.s. troops in afghanistan. when will our leaders get tough and smart. we are being led to slaughter 
 it's the democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to isis --  not a tape of donald trump that was an admitted hillary lie 
 phyllis schlafly: trump is 'last hope for america' https://t.co/jcxqfvcgb6 https://t.co/sk713ir5nq 
 getting ready to go to the great state of michigan. big crowd tonight. make america great again 
 just out: trump gop debate - 18000000. clinton democrat debate - 6700000. and they were on major network vs. cable 
 hillary said with respect to isis "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  maga 
 i demand an apology from hillary clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. there never was a video 
 hillary said at debate isis is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." she made up story-want apology 
 very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant. i sold it 6 months ago for a record price. this would never have happened 
 @jebbush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner he would rather be where he is now 2%. that is the talk of a loser can't win 
 great poll out of illinois! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/fd48umfycw 
 @missuniverse final 3 on now. great people great new owner @img. watch 
 my friend @ariemanuel of @img bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #fox! tune in 
 it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential 
 hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me. therefore hillary lied at the debate last night. sad 
 @jebbush was terrible on face the nation today. being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. a basket case 
 we need a #potus with great strength &amp; stamina. hillary does not have that.#trump2016 https://t.co/n2c6badyna https://t.co/cuy3vadago 
 hillary clinton lied when she said that "isis is using video of donald trump as a recruiting tool." this was fact checked by @foxnews: false 
 @gstephanopoulos stupidly believes that hillary wants to run against me because she said so. she says that so people believe it - opposite 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/7fkgbaqf4a 
 thank you america! @foxnews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #votetrump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/korklsr01p 
 thank you cedar rapids iowa!#makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/0llss8u77q https://t.co/dlpd0ekr45 
 president obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to hawaii on a massive old 747 
 see sanders backed hillary on e-mails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). disloyal person 
 another new post-debate poll. thank you! #votetrump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pa9pcupbyr 
 thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote! #votetrump2016 https://t.co/ezcsk3cwaj 
 the last thing our country needs is another bush! dumb as a rock 
 @jebbush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/pugaxgcasm https://t.co/1o67ofdofu 
 weak &amp; ineffective @jebbush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. false advertising 
 i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it 
 @melindadc  don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. i was always tough on isis--as you’ll find out after i get elected 
 as i have been saying. only the beginning: "isis suspects arrested in turkey 150 european passports seized." https://t.co/55nwoy7ohg 
 new reuters poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/zoe0gde0aj 
 #isis is making $400m/year on oil. i have been saying it for years. we need to bomb the oil! https://t.co/vobiahilws https://t.co/tekbakdxzk 
 there is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #potus. #trump2016 https://t.co/frs7alctbb https://t.co/0p4qsnaltb 
 #makeamericagreatagain i will be in cedar rapidsia this saturday. get your tickets-https://t.co/qcqosg3jqo 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/uju4zrzxl8 
 thank you! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/xkki2m6ht1 
 will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @abc. #kimmel #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 @glennbeck got fired like a dog by #fox. the blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. i said no - because he is irrelevant 
 i will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pme from mesa arizona - will be talking about the #gopdebate &amp; more. https://t.co/z3fvfhckio 
 will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pme on @abc. #kimmel #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 clear winner of the #gopdebate. thank you for your support! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/dl6iushwtk 
 hillary clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength no stamina 
 jeb bush had a tough night at the debate. now he'll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad's 
 thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. the debate was interesting and fun. keep up the great work 
 will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. will be talking about the debate and more 
 bill o'reilly calls trump and  campaign brilliant. in first place by 27 points 
 @markhalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. others do and those are the people you want to follow 
 thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @cnn. it was a good night 
 thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. all polls agree. it was fun and interesting 
 thank you @frankluntz - for saying i was a winner tonight. it is my great honor. #trump2016 
 we're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #gopdebatehttps://t.co/ohi1qxeozc 
 #gopdebate #trump2016https://t.co/czhzn0qkqn 
 departing for #gopdebate. let's #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/nmnilyul2f https://t.co/bwyu1u3rhu 
 highly respected public policy polling (ppp) just announced that i am number one in iowa. thank you 
 new ppp poll just released in iowa- up 6 points from last poll. leading w/ 28%! don't worry - media won't report it! https://t.co/yjwilbgupm 
 @conradmblack what an honor to read your piece. as one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend i won't forget! https://t.co/3fgb0nyfao 
 #theremembranceprojecthttps://t.co/zmw0mkkfeg https://t.co/xhiweo9lwg 
  #joetheismann was great as a political analyst on @foxnews. he knows far more than football. thanks for the nice words joe 
 i won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @drudge_report @time @slate and more. too bad dopey @megynkelly lies 
 between iraq war monger @krauthammer dummy @karlrove deadpan @georgezwill highly overrated @megynkelly among others @foxnews not fair 
 i am in trump international hotel las vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. look forward -   hope i get treated fairly 
 i wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. no matter how well i do - bad 
 @megynkelly is very bad at math. she was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and cruz in the new monmouth poll 41to14 
 @megynkelly the most overrated anchor at @foxnews worked hard to explain away the new monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. she said 15 
 why isn't anyone using the @cnn iowa poll with me having a big lead. they only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).dishonest press 
 isn't it amazing that @cnn paid a fortune for an iowa poll which shows me in first place over cruz by 13% 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it 
 wow i just had two very good iowa polls and a phenomenal just out national poll from @abc @washingtonpost - 38%.  make america great again 
 thank you for your support! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/yohikusl3v 
 what an evening in las vegas nevada! thank you for your continued support. #trump2016 https://t.co/uuwrk7rugk https://t.co/j0qjaig35u 
 @oreillyfactor horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. i will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat hillary 
 why doesn't @cnn use the #cnn iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014 
 thank you @carlhigbie. great work on @cnn. #trump2016 
 thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. they are very much appreciated. i fully understand that you really get it 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/yjaiifuvwm https://t.co/dfh0abwzk0 
 can't believe major league baseball just rejected @peterose_14 for the hall of fame. he's paid the price. so ridiculous - let him in 
 @scottienhughes - you were fantastic on cnn. thank you for the nice words. see you at the #gopdebate 
 @patrickbuchanan was great on @teamcavuto @foxnews. thank you pat! #tump2016 
 thank you @wayneallynroot.very nice! #trump2016 https://t.co/cgdlz26mda 
 another great accolade for @trumpgolf. highly respected golf odyssey- awarded @trumpdoral blue monster with best redesign. thank you 
 record of health: https://t.co/zdddawwyvl#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/vqrkzwc2ae https://t.co/vz73taajjc 
 exclusive: newt gingrich: ‘the country is in rebellion’ trump can ‘kick down the doors’ https://t.co/uwtkkhho3c 
 why doesn't @foxnews quote the new iowa @cnn poll where i have a 33% to 20% lead over ted cruz and all others. think about it 
 people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems 
 i was disappointed that ted cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it. well welcome to the wonderful world of politics 
 i did interview with chris wallace of @foxnews in order to be fair. he then puts on rove lane and will three trump bashers to discuss 
 many think that the championship course at turnberry home of the duel in the sun will be the worlds best after the renovation 
 a very good nbc/wall street journal poll was just released wherein i went up from last month and am in the lead. nice 
 @danawhite  great job last night - very exciting! you have come a long way from those difficult early days i am proud of you 
 people that have read it tell me that @karlrove book is terrible (and boring). save your money! @foxnews should can him no credibility 
 chris wallace @fox at 10:00 a.m 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016https://t.co/ub7fx7a835 https://t.co/iwcw5kfi9i 
 @cnn @jaketapper at 9:00 a.m 
 @peggynoonannyc an election between hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in u.s. history. just like the debates 24 m vs 2m 
 @peggynoonannyc interesting article but i will beat hillary easily. people that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me 
 something must be done with dopey @karlrove - he is pushing republicans down the same old path of defeat. don't fall for it karl is a loser 
 i will be interviewed on @jaketapper @cnn at 9:00 a.m. and fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10:o0  a.m. cnn iowa poll -13 point lead 
 i will be on cnn's - state of the union tomorrow morning at 9ame. https://t.co/vgxjevfgjk https://t.co/svqqhahbow 
 new cnn iowa poll --- trump 33 cruz 20. everyone else way down! don't trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump 
 thank you general. #trump2016 https://t.co/fcrynoqytb 
 a great afternoon. thank you south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/ionhk3l3xu https://t.co/etpzrfchmz 
 reports say #isis now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. i told you so. https://t.co/lrpdw10zwl 
 john podesta says nominee will be cruz b/c last person hillary wants to face is trump! use your head folks! 46-41! https://t.co/k2xzwzygyk 
 getting the support of @danawhite of ufc means a lot. a total winner who has done an amazing job. just ordered his fight to watch tonight 
 @franklin_graham so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! heading to big crowd in south carolina 
 thank you! #trump2016https://t.co/0da5isxmrz https://t.co/enjjkteqij 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. so much to talk about 
 @loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist michelle malkin. congrats to both 
 just got back from iowa great people 
 i had a great time in des moines iowa tonight! thank you for all of the support. #trump2016 https://t.co/2xzs2asqii https://t.co/2hdna6snnz 
 @monicacrowley you were great with @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight.  thank you for your kind words. we will keep americans safe 
 dopey prince @alwaleed_talal wants to control our u.s. politicians with daddy’s money. can’t do it when i get elected. #trump2016 
 thank you @seanhannity &amp; @bodiet! #makeamericagreatagain 
 thank you! we are at 35% in new reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. time to #makeamericagreatagain!#trump2016 https://t.co/0l00ovco5b 
 i will not let you down! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/3bbhsagsum https://t.co/ikxgxoi0la 
 tom ridge is a failed 'bushy' &amp; pa governor. him &amp; his friend @karlrove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens 
 tom ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. i will win 
 never get good #'s from failing des moines register/bloomberg. i think something's going on w/them. up 13 in ia according to respected cnn 
 great news in georgia!  the just out  landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! wow. https://t.co/mg6uzqxbwg https://t.co/uz03gjdvov 
 our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great turnberry resort in scotland. https://t.co/qmxd8khfhs 
 @chucktodd is a nice guy  but just hopeless. he knows so little about politics and in particular winning!  i fixed his rating problem 
 @morning_joe just went off the rails. i will beat hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. i am tuning them out waste of time 
 @tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way 
 looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. i am leading by so much he must. i hope so he will fall like all others. will be easy 
 @morning_joe is so off on iowa which i am leading big in new @cnn poll. i will win iowa. also i beat hillary easily 
 great evening last night in  new hampshire. got the endorsement from the new england police union - big  territory great people! thank you 
 @bernardgoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. he just doesn't know about winning! but he is a nice guy 
 respected morning consult poll just out. i lead all republicans and beat hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40 
 in britain more muslims join isis than join the british army.https://t.co/lqvnz7b2eb 
 thank you to @franklin_graham. i have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever 
 an honor to be endorsed by the new england police benevolent association. thank you! https://t.co/zj47db1yj1 https://t.co/jrjhylrkd6 
 "why franklin graham says donald trump is right about stopping muslim immigration"  https://t.co/ivpjcdqleo 
 establishment flunky @karlrove is going crazy with the just released cbs poll that has me way ahead. new fox poll has me beating hillary 
 dummy @karlrove continues to make and write false statements. he still thinks romney won--he should get a life 
 thank you for your support! being #politicallycorrect will not #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/lc9l8pnrzx https://t.co/yojthcspjo 
 i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … … 
 the politicians of the u.k. should watch katie hopkins of daily https://t.co/lgty0qdv9u on @foxnews. many people in the u.k. agree with me 
 thank you to respected columnist katie hopkins of daily https://t.co/lgty0qdv9u for her  powerful writing on the u.k.'s muslim problems 
 the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  muslim problem. everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! be honest 
 i have decided to postpone my trip to israel and to schedule my meeting with @netanyahu at a later date after i become president of the u.s 
 our visa system is broken like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. so much to talk about 
 wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof 
 @megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. really weird she's being driven crazy 
 weak and totally conflicted people like @therickwilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an i.q. test. dumb as a rock!  @cnn 
 great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @cnn 
 thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been @time magazine's person of the year. you should run time 
 great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. police discuss no-go areas: https://t.co/hem6uguits https://t.co/vmktnhcwto 
 why does @cnn bore their audience with people like @secupp a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. i hear she will soon be gone 
 @secupp who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on t.v. hard to watch zero talent! @cnn 
 @donlemon on @cnn at 10:00 p.m 
 thank you for all of your support south carolina! #trump2016 https://t.co/jwfe5tdg50 
 i am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. then at 10:00 i am interviewed by @donlemon on @cnn. enjoy 
 "carter banned iranians from coming to u.s. during hostage crisis" https://t.co/kok27117dl 
 " haim saban: hillary clinton’s top hollywood donor demands racial profiling of muslims"   https://t.co/d99x4o9ysg 
 the police in london say i’m right. major article in daily mail. we can’t wear uniform in our own cars.  https://t.co/xok4utsxan 
 thank you @jebbush- you finally get it! https://t.co/qxqhpah4jo 
 thank you piers they don't know what they're getting into.  https://t.co/uvkt1go6nt 
 @mayor_nutter of philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.low life 
 i am signing copies of my book crippled america. makes a great holiday gift. order yours now!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … … 
 "rupert murdoch defends trump: 'complete refugee pause' makes sense' " https://t.co/hwolo4rvac 
 i told you @time magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany 
 hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble 
 the last person corrupt hillary clinton wants to run against is donald j. trump. i'll end up beating her in every state. new fox poll-trump 
 the failing @nytimes does not mention the new @cnn poll that has me leading iowa by a massive 13 points - i am at 33%. maggie haberman sad 
 great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire. big lead for "trump" according to @cnn 
 wow what a day. so many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into u.s 
 our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism. we better get very smart and very tough fast before it is too late 
 despite my great respect for king abdullah ii i will not be visiting jordan at this time. this is in response to the false @ap report 
 prior to the end of the year i will be traveling to israel. i am very much looking forward to it 
 great new poll from nh. thank you! we need to keep this country safe! #trump2016 https://t.co/r5k58xu8mp https://t.co/eaqhz5ttmp 
 will be on @abc news tonight at 6:30. interviewed by the legendary @barbarajwalters! enjoy 
 the legendary @barbarajwalters will be asking me questions about the presidential campaign on @wntonight at 6:30 pm 
 a very big poll is coming out at 6 pm in new hampshire. will be very interested in the results 
 a new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if i departed the gop &amp; ran as an independent. https://t.co/ztp5d2ctzl 
 i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … 
 i wish the @wsj wall street journal had reported the just out @cnn iowa poll correctly. i lead by a wide margin13 points going up big 
 just won iowa @cnn poll big: trump 33% cruz 20% rubio 11%  but @wsj reported "cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that i easily won 
 thank you for the support south carolina! #ussyorktown #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/n0ph35qskv 
 great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in sc. #trump2016 https://t.co/cbxrwerzhp https://t.co/ko0rypnsx8 
 just released @cnn poll gives me a big 13 point lead in iowa. change your false story failing @nytimes. thank you iowa 
 the main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- i believe #isis needs to surrender 
 on my way to charleston/mount pleasant south carolina. big crowd. look forward to it! #ussyorktown https://t.co/1z9z4udwaf 
 statement on preventing muslim immigration: https://t.co/hcwu16z6sr https://t.co/d1dhais0s7 
 just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. we must be vigilant 
 thank you iowa! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain #fitn https://t.co/uymslyv7jq 
 i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll. thank you 
 i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end i believe the final results will be even better than that 
 @washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat donald trump.the post doesn’t get that i’m good at winning 
 today we honor the fallen at #pearlharbor 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today thank them! #rememberourvets https://t.co/hvrucgzwfs 
 poor @johnkasich doesn't have what it takes- https://t.co/ijaxxpe6xt 
 "credible source on 9-11 muslim celebrations: fbi" https://t.co/uicdncftjs 
 i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn 
 if @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. the @washingtonpost scam is saving it 
 the @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @jeffbezos power to screw public on low taxation of @amazon! big tax shelter 
 the @washingtonpost which loses a fortune is owned by  @jeffbezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company @amazon 
 n.y.c. has the worst mayor in the united states. i hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! disgrace 
 i spoke with other candidates to a jewish group many friends in d.c. i said "i'm a negotiator like you" got standing o-rated best of day 
 obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes. what sport is he talking about and who? is obama profiling 
 thank you graham ledger of the daily ledger @oann for your really fair coverage and your great interview with peter roff of u.s. news &amp; w.r 
 well obama refused to say (he just can't say it) that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists 
 should have gone after the oil years ago (like i have been saying) 
 wish obama would say isis like almost everyone else rather than isil 
 is that all there is? we need a new president - fast 
 hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. amendment 
 the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good but the words will be the key 
 hillary won't call out radical islam! she will be soundly defeated 
 i will be re-tweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. make them good (great)! important stuff 
 big night on twitter tonight. i will be live tweeting president obama's speech at 7:50 p.m. ( eastern). must talk radical islamic terrorism 
 gee @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then with me  he set records - i saved his job but chuck still not nice 
 may the festival of lights bring our jewish friends from around the world health &amp; happiness! happy hanukkah! https://t.co/03uzbgcswb 
 i have been saying it for sometime now!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/qfchfo88rn 
 order my book crippled america for your holiday gifts. i will be signing books for the next two weeks! https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn 
 thank you america! together we will all #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016 https://t.co/dqiox2k2dv 
 wow @georgewill said some very nice things about me today on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace. i am making progress thanks george 
 i will be live-tweeting president obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 p.m. (eastern).will he finally state the real problems 
 @brookslawbrooks  thank you so much for your nice words. i will make you look very smart 
 so how did i do on face the nation 
 watch face the nation - will be on now 
 hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. she is afraid of  obama &amp; the e-mails 
 i will be interviewed on face the nation @cbsnews at 10:30 a.m. should be interesting - enjoy 
 was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @cnn but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. will do next week 
 wonder if obama will ever say radical islamic terrorist 
 @katyturnbc &amp; @debsopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. thank you @gatewaypundit for reporting the truth. #trump2016 
 @maddow you copied incompetent @katyturnbc incorrect story. i'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. thank you for the courtesy 
 @katyturnbc 3rd rate reporter &amp; @sopandeb @ cbs lied. finished in normal manner&amp;signed autos for 20min. dishonest! https://t.co/scglbqjb3o 
 a great day in both spencer &amp; davenport iowa! thank you for the support! #trump2016 #fitn #iapolitics https://t.co/qsynbm7ssg 
 re crippled america  -- i am signing books for the next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn 
 done by a real fan! #trump  https://t.co/r7fzpgcwmx 
 raleigh north carolina was fantastic last night. such incredible spirit. we all want to and will make america great again 
 a great night in raleigh north carolina! thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/oousxae267 
 great live signing last nite! over 25k views. i am signing books for next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts. https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn 
 good news disloyal @macys stock is in a total free fall. don't shop there for christmas! https://t.co/wpddcwclfd https://t.co/vt3ugjiz9b 
 congratulations chuck. must be wonderful to have donald trump as your guest --- #becool! #trump2016https://t.co/9bxqgtb5m2 
 a total refutation of the disgraceful david brooks column in the failing @nytimes by the @washingtonpost: https://t.co/wbtol9lqd3 
 https://t.co/zbyqqkfwah #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/y2xpveoy7b 
 @jrubinblogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. she is in love with marco rubio 
 the horrible shooting that took place in san bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. why didn’t they report 
 @marthamaccallum  martha great interview with my son @erictrump -- smart tough &amp; professional. thank you! @foxnews 
 great live signing last nite! over 25k views. i am signing books for next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts: https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn 
 the virtually incompetent republican strategist who has had a failed career cheri jacobus is incoherent with anger that her puppets died 
 @cnn &amp; @cnnpolitics please thank alisyn camerota david chalian and john king for the very professional reporting of the new cnn poll 
 @cnn poll just came out amazing numbers for those who want to make america great again! trump 36% a 20 point lead over 2nd place. thanks 
 @markhalperin i totaly won the rjc meeting yesterday. know many members who said "not even close." only full standing o. but don't want $'s 
 watch my live book signing now! https://t.co/1xnedqyihh 
 i invite you to join my campaign to make america great again! sign up to volunteer! https://t.co/2xbs5ssrc3 
 purchase your copy of crippled america now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 thank you!! #trump2016 https://t.co/ejztiqyqcw 
 thank you new hampshire! great people -- see you next week! https://t.co/r83xq8kxp5 
 via @drudgereport: https://t.co/tgu2vcgnyq 
 great to see the construction of the old post office on penn ave. going fast - under budget ahead of schedule 
 it was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @politico is a foil for the clintons. questions given to clinton in advance. no credibility 
 thank you so much for the wonderful article robert davi. https://t.co/vwht7s0qc3 
 thank you! vote in 2016! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/xfd3h2n50j 
 thank you! #trump2016 https://t.co/tcyun7mffy 
 crippled america is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. order signed copy &amp; join me at 7:30pm live streaming! https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 why can't @politico get better reporters than ben schreckenger? guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. so dishonest 
 loved being in manassas va last night. such incredible spirit! now in dc for a speech will then visit old post office under construction 
 crippled america is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming 7:30     https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 as a presidential candidate i have instructed my long-time doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical report-it will show perfection 
 i consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.the world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes 
 congratulations on the great job done by police and law enforcement on the california shootings. give credit where credit is due 
 heading to manassas virginia for a rally. will have a moment of silence for the victims of the california shootings. so sad 
 #teamtrump. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police 
 a signed copy of crippled america is the ultimate gift. order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  https://t.co/tickbtn8ff 
 california shooting looks very bad. good luck to law enforcement and god bless. this is when our police are so appreciated 
 thank you cbs &amp; breitbart-total vindication! will the mainstream media apologize? many many witnesses. #trump2016 https://t.co/asxnffwipj 
 i beat hillary in the new @foxnews poll head to head.  she has no strength or stamina both of which are needed to make america great again 
 live on #periscope: live with the donald https://t.co/akgvybzhee 
 join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook &amp; periscope! https://t.co/fqhnijet2v 
 illegal immigrant children non-mexicans surge across border at record rate https://t.co/v6tp55drac 
 order signed copy of crippled america &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 i will be on @foxandfriends  at 7:30 -now 
 the truth continues to come out after 14 years. a truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #trump2016https://t.co/atuacgxow1 
 just arrived in new hampshire. another packed venue! will be fun 
 you would think a paper like the washington post would be fair and objective. for the record almost all polls showed i won all debates 
 highly untalented wash post blogger jennifer rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me. why does wash post have low iq people 
 order a signed copy of crippled america &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 what is obama thinking? https://t.co/ywine9t8w3 
 curtis sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. good job curtis. please send your apologies to @realdonaldtrump. https://t.co/g07vzmnmaw 
 look at the editorial i was just sent from the ny post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of wtc. any apologies? https://t.co/b6dkeok8px 
 jamiel shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. his son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop 
 i want to thank all my friends in macon for the special evening and great reception. what a crowd of incredible people 
 a signed copy of crippled america makes a great gift. order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 a great night in macon georgia! thank you for all of the support. together we will #makeamericagreatagain! https://t.co/nnyonhwcye 
 order signed copy of crippled america &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 https://t.co/tickbt5xnh 
 meeting with african american pastors at trump tower was amazing. wonderful news conference followed. now off to georgia for big speech 
 we need a great leader- now! https://t.co/tsuu2xe7em 
 we better be vigilant careful and strong.  https://t.co/adb1tss9jg 
 the republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up 
 how is chris christie running the state of nj which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in nh? new jerseyans not happy 
 wow the msm is really going after me. 12000 in sarasota a love fest hardly a mention. only one negativity - they only want negatives 
 when will @cnn get some real political talent rather than political commentators like errol louis who doesn't have a clue! others bad also 
 great job @mariatcardona on @thisweekabc. you made kooky cokie roberts and @billkristol look even dumber than they are. you will be right 
 after my meeting with the pastors it's off to georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement 
 will be meeting on monday at trump tower with a large group of african american pastors. many i know-wonderful people! not a press event 
 just watched cookie roberts on @abc. her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. just another sad case 
 @cnn has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.so totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring 
 i will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on sunday morning. so much to talk about 
 the sarasota florida rally today was amazing. 12000 people chanting their love for our country. it's going to happen this is a movement 
 @cnn kayleigh mcenany was great on you network today. you should have her  on more often! thank you kayleigh for your nice words 
 sarasota was an unbelievable success. we expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! great love in the air! https://t.co/utmlcpgngu 
 we boarded the helicopter for sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! see you there. #trump2016 https://t.co/x4rbbkxhcu 
 virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  american people with disabilities than me. will discuss today at my speech in sarasota 
 the reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. i don't know what he looks like and don't know him 
 i will be going to sarasota florida today for a big rally with amazing people! i have one goal on mind: make america great again 
 pollster trend national gop average223 national polls &amp; 33 pollsters.#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/milagwjvs2 
 the failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. yesterday 3 boring articles today2 
 i do not know the reporter for the @nytimes or what he looks like. i was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago 
 great new poll numbers! thank you for your support! #trump2016 https://t.co/vmrsonsmro 
 https://t.co/t5jbfxoz3f 
 happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again 
 the numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast. a once great institution-sad 
 so since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write. incompetent 
 the dopes at the @nytimes bought the boston globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. their great old headquarters-gave it away! so dumb 
 the @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. with unfunded liabilities-big trouble 
 the failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on donald trump 
 credible source on 9-11 muslim celebrations: fbihttps://t.co/uicdncftjs via @wkrg 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/r9arumdymn 
 i live in new jersey &amp; @realdonaldtrump is right: muslims did celebrate on 9/11 here! we saw it! https://t.co/1skszu9qlj 
 thank you for your continued support!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/slo49cy9kb 
 @karlrove just totally bombed on @morning_joe. @foxnews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  fox should dump rove 
 south carolina was so great last night. will be back soon 
 why would @greta use @karlrove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. he still thinks romney won. an establishment dope 
 myrtle beach south carolina #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/jly5sbumpy 
 a wonderful evening in south carolina - big crowd amazing energy 
 new @oann national poll released. thank you america! #trump2016 https://t.co/yopcngfzfv 
 thank you for your nice words @mikeneedham @heritage for the nice words on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace. #fns #trump2016 
 what is frank vandersloot getting for agreeing to back marco rubio? last victim was mitt romney - see how that turned out 
 @bradpaisley came up to see me. a really nice and talented guy. https://t.co/duj7vxlgzw 
 will be doing @seanhannity at 10 pm on @foxnews.  as always with sean will be interesting 
 heading to myrtle beach south carolina. really big crowd—so much to talk about 
 republicans must stop relying on losers like @karlrove if they want to start winning presidential elections. be tough and get smart 
 just left columbus rally of 14000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even i expected! unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena 
 heading for ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! much to talk about 
 going to ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--kasich. can't debate loves #obamacare--dummy 
 @wsj reports that @gop getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. that wasn’t the deal 
 via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. i want an apology! many people have tweeted that i am right! https://t.co/cpsmxs54qv https://t.co/wrdehxjlvr 
 when you do your christmas shopping remember how disloyal @macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #boycottmacys #dumpmacys 
 hillary there is nothing to laugh about- https://t.co/bkmwfz9ji9 
 going to columbus ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. the silent majority is no longer silent 
 @ap has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @jeffhorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face 
 @ap continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working 
 @matthewjdowd thank you for the nice comments recently especially on @barbarajwalters. my family &amp; i greatly appreciate your kind words 
 hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things. she is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at 
 great poll numbers! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/51crr6m5eg 
 we better get tough with radical islamic terrorists and get tough now or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy 
 13 syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the u.s. through the southern border. how many made it?  we need the wall 
 great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one. thank you 
 big new @abc poll to be announced at 9:00 a.m. on this week with @gstephanopoulos. i will be interviewed on show 
 @gstephanopoulos just announced that i am leading  big in the new @abc poll which will be shown on this week at 9:00 a.m. i will be on show 
 will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m 
 i find that @reuters is a far more professional operation than @ap 
 ccolvinj @ap is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. stories are fictional garbage 
 @heytana great job - we are all proud of you 
 thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#leo #lesm #trump2016 https://t.co/suh1jfoqr4 
 thank you for a great afternoon birmingham alabama! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/frokqczbod 
 it's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats family leader dinner. next year i'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd 
 thank you john nolte for wonderful analysis &amp; reporting 
 rumor has it - pataki kasich &amp; senator lindsey graham are dropping out of the race very soon. hope it's not true they're so easy to beat 
 so nice when media properly polices media. thank you @breitbartnews. https://t.co/iguh57zojz 
 a woman who got fired after two days of working with scott walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me 
 heading to birmingham alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild 
 to show you how politicians act bobby jindal spent $1000 to register in new hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. such a waste 
 we're stuck with the worst mayor in the united states. too bad but new york city will survive 
 people are really liking my new book "crippled america." check it out 
 join us at 10pme on @abc2020 @abc with @barbarajwalters! #meetthetrumps #abc2020 https://t.co/vmels00gnj 
 #icymi: i joined #ontherecord with @kimguilfoyle on @foxnews this evening. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/fljutjpr35 
 looking forward to watching the legendary @barbarajwalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @abc at 10:00. many things to talk about 
 tune into the legendary @barbarajwalters at 10pme on@abc2020 tonight. #meetthetrumps for a full hour @abc #abc2020! https://t.co/exf5auhrew 
 @washingtonpost  @bretbaier  please thank charles lane for his new found confidence. he has made a very good bet 
 @gracematters thank you a very wise bet! best wishes 
 just got back from south carolina. going to alabama tomorrow 
 @hillaryclinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #potus 
 the legendary @barbarajwalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @abc2020 . don't miss it! https://t.co/jhtf7f9ato 
 @billdeblasio should focus on running #nyc &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude &amp; not be so focused on me 
 can you believe the worst mayor in the u.s. &amp; probably the worst mayor in the history of #nyc @billdeblasio just called me a blow hard 
 thank you for a great afternoon south carolina! see you next tuesday! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/kwwmlmy7gq 
 i didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. we must defeat islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance including a watch list to protect america 
 under our president isis is gaining great strength- https://t.co/28vsmv8xng 
 my family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @barbarajwalters tonight @abc - 10pme. https://t.co/cm4fv1ye9l 
 @mkhammer a fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @thejuanwilliams made the point far better 
 going to south carolina now great place sro crowd. iowa was amazing yesterday 
 the media must denigrate isis at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. these are low level degenerates not masterminds 
 the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders "masterminds." call them instead thugs and losers. young people must not go into isis 
 a wonderful afternoon in iowa! great people! heading now to florida - tomorrow south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum! #trump2016 #iaforums https://t.co/092t2vrmew 
 john kasich was managing director of lehman brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. a total failure 
 once john kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud 
 john kasich fell right into president obama’s trap on obamacare and the people of ohio are suffering for it. shame 
 doesn’t help kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last 
 i loved beating john kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last 
 kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in new hampshire and his numbers have gone down. people from nh are smart 
 watch kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads i will sue him just for fun 
 i want to do negative ads on john kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money 
 john kasich despite being governor of ohio is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic 
 john kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me 
 governor kasich whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend $2.5 million against me 
 the legendary barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special this friday night at 10:00 on abc. don't miss it 
 thank you worcester massachusetts!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/d6qinyblw6 https://t.co/szdjr3tkd8 
 just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. https://t.co/iwqlodke50 
 i told you! premiums are soaring! #repealobamacare #trump2016 https://t.co/ey50582und 
 thank you for your support! together we can #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016 https://t.co/qni36gi6fv 
 the police in paris did a fantastic job. very brave - not easy 
 everyone is now saying how right i was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. after paris they’re all on the bandwagon 
 eight syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the u.s. isis maybe? i told you so. we need a big &amp; beautiful wall 
 via politico: "trump extends lead in new hampshire poll" https://t.co/pajoai3rga 
 very nice article from daily mail  https://t.co/sixmyzpxv1 
 great new poll  https://t.co/178k1erfqt 
 how does ben carson survive this problem – really big. similar story on front page of new york times.  https://t.co/y9fquuyrnd 
 thank you for all of your support! let's #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016 https://t.co/g7o6b0cfzz 
 the great barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special friday night at 10:00 on abc.… https://t.co/28q3qgfibm 
 i will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @foxnews . much much much to talk about 
 melania and i just had interview with the legendary @barbarajwalters. watch #abc2020 this friday. tonight we talk isis @wntonight 
 @ap is doing very badly. i can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. sadly they are now irrelevant 
 one of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @ap. they have lost their way and are no longer credible 
 what is our president doing? https://t.co/8p0a80kaax 
 "gop voters trust donald trump to keep our country safe" https://t.co/twslpjpqg0 
 refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country. who knows who they are - some could be isis. is our president insane 
 i along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in president obama. he has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat 
 so many great polls like reuters - big leads everywhere. new hampshire really special! we will win big and make america great again 
 thank you tennessee! #trump2016 https://t.co/rnz3hvbvvm 
 just received a copy of @sarahpalinusa new book -- a great read! sarah is a terrific person 
 great poll numbers out of @umassamherst. thank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/eplqrgjmyw 
 just leaving knoxville tn --- what a crowd what amazing people! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/5qr5deolel 
 just landing in knoxville tennessee! massive crowd expected! will all have a great time despite serious subject matter 
 i agree! the headline says it all. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagainhttps://t.co/twslpjpqg0 
 discussing #syrianrefugees with @ericbolling on @foxnews back on 10/3/2015. #isis https://t.co/rux57o2bzm 
 will be landing in knoxville tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. it's all very simple we want to #makeamericagreatagain 
 republicans must stop listening to dopes like @karlrove who still insists mitt romney won the last election. think big &amp; think strong 
 wow @macys shares are down more than 40% this year. i never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact 
 interesting article from highly respected wayne allyn root https://t.co/1ess0qv46v 
 remember i was the one who said attack the oil (isis source of wealth) a long time ago. everyone scoffed now they're attacking the oil 
 tom brady just did it again. he is not only a great guy he is without question the best quarterback 
 president obama just told president putin how important the russian air strikes against isis have been. i told you so 
 @johnlegere  @tmobile  john focus on running your company i think the service is terrible! try hiring some good managers 
 glad to see that @rondarousey lost her championship fight last night. was soundly beaten - not a nice person 
 i have watched sloppy graydon carter fail and close spy magazine and now am watching him fail at @vanityfair magazine. he is a total loser 
 @vanityfair magazine is doing really poorly. it has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it's former allure 
 we need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  make america great again 
 i had a great time in texas yesterday. a tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. will be back soon 
 @realdonaldtrump on isis&amp;oil fields! saying it for years! @andersoncooper you should acknowledge this! #trump2016 https://t.co/ocob9wlp7r 
 when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he  can't say it and unless he will  the problem will not be solved 
 i think everyone will like my new and very successful book crippled america. go get it and let me know what you think 
 wow bernie sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  african american youth - 51% 
 hillary and sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former mayor of baltimore doing on that stage? o'malley is a clown 
 why won't president obama use the term islamic terrorism? isn't it now after all of this time and so much death about time 
 great news out of new hampshire! donaldtrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #trump2016 https://t.co/haswradhme" 
 we need much tougher much smarter leadership - and we need it now 
 president obama said "isil continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in paris. he is just so bad! change 
 my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all 
 boy is this guy @shepnewsteam tough on me. so totally biased. as a reporter he should be ashamed of himself! #trump2016 
 they laughed at me when i said to bomb the isis controlled oil fields. now they are not laughing and doing what i said. #trump2016 
 thank you @jaketapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. should have been done long ago. #trump2016 
 great honor to be inducted into the nj boxing hall of fame last night. thank you! timing could not have been better! https://t.co/iu6pexovl2 
 @seanhannity  carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! sad 
 @carlyfiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning ben carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign 
 @carlyfiorina i only said i was on @60minutes four weeks ago with putin—never said i was in green room. separate pieces—great ratings 
 @carlyfiorina  ben carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. i didn’t say it he did. apology 
 @carlyfiorina carly—i did graduate from wharton and did very well. who is your fact checker? will you apologize 
 @carlyfiorina carly not just you i also told gov. kasich to let jeb talk give him a chance because kasich was constantly cutting in 
 happy friday the 13th https://t.co/br6auzggoi 
 thank you iowa! i appreciate all of your support @iowacentral &amp; @ethanolbypoet this evening! #trump2016 #iacaucus https://t.co/mjzlcxjtpf 
 first candidate in virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot. an honor - thank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 i will be on @outfrontcnn with @erinburnett at 7pm. tune in!#trump2016 
 i will be on with @bretbaier tonight at 6pm. #trump2016 
 macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. their stock has crashed! #boycottmacys https://t.co/wsvztwzbbf 
 thank you @forbes for showing the @wsj was wrong. so dishonest! https://t.co/wojexdekng 
 from 2% to 27% in texas - quite a jump into first place 
 wow pres. candidate ben carson who is very weak on illegal immigration just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship 
 total fool @karlrove is part of the republican establishment problem. an all talk no action dummy!   https://t.co/cxlha87hs1 
 @wsj and dopey karl rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible tpp deal.https://t.co/t9jzgiuayl 
 why does the failing @wsj write a false editorial about me and let dummy @karlrove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper 
 @karlrove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re china and tpp. this moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100% 
 we as a country either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders we don't have a country 
 why wouldn't the @wsj call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. no wonder it is doing poorly 
 when and how are the dummies at the @wsj going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect editorial on me. i want "smart" trade deals 
 the @wsj editorial board is so wrong so often. they got info from an incorrect story in another pub. why not watch and listen to debate 
 @wsj editorial board should review my debate statement re china and t.p.p. and apologize. china not part but will get their way in later 
 today's @wsj editorial is wrong again. i know that china is not in the new t.p.p. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door 
 i will be interviewed on @mariabartiromo @foxbusiness at 7:30 
 all seven on-line polls including drudge and time with thousands of respondents said i won the debate. @krauthammer said i was "so so." 
 will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm 
 i will be on @marklevinshow at 8pm tonight. tune in 
 @gerardtbaker gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. i told many really smart and elegant 
 i never said that china was in the bad tpp trade deal but that china would come in the back door at a later date. @cnn @foxbusiness 
 just returned home from the great state of new hampshire. have made so many friends there--special place 
 happy veterans day. to those who have served thank you for your special work 
 thank you @morning_joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/teauhiqd3i 
 loved doing the debate...won drudge and all on-line polls! amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job 
 will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 a.m. talking about the debate and more 
 i will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 
 people magazine: "donald trump was right: he gave snl its best ratings in nearly 4 years--plus what you didn't see" https://t.co/bh7k8l0bio 
 thank you south carolina! #trump2016 https://t.co/ddk89icmxx 
 thank you new jersey! #trump2016 https://t.co/yuibep7jcz 
 go out and buy crippled america: how to make america great again. doing really well. great thanksgiving or christmas present 
 i will be interviewed by @gstephanopoulos on @gma at 7:00 a.m. there is much to talk about 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/arjerjlyco 
 thank you to @nypost's robert rorke for the really nice review of #snl. so many enjoyed it - very gratifying! https://t.co/tt29wgelut 
 marco rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. a lightweight choker - bad for #usa 
 marco rubio couldn't even respond properly to president obama's state of the union speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. he choked 
 marco rubio is a total lightweight who i wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician 
 a great evening in springfield illinois. thank you for all of the support! #trump2016 https://t.co/mqofui08px 
 great job on @greta @donaldjtrumpjr. nobody could have done it better 
 thanks piers. greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  https://t.co/2mimznrmoc 
 @cnn  should listen. ana navarro has no talent no tv persona and works for bush—a total conflict of interest.  https://t.co/myntmrdte9 
 @betsy_mccaughey thanks so much. really appreciate your comments.  i will help the veterans like no one else.   https://t.co/2ik0mwpujx 
 thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl saturday night live. best ratings in 4 years 
 @ericshawnonfox highest rated saturday night live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with hillary &amp; miley cyrus. nice words 
 television ratings for @nbcsnl saturday night live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. very few protesters 
 at 10:30 i will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @cbsnews face the nation by john dickerson. this after long evening 
 i will be interviewed by  @gstephanopoulos on @abc   at 10:00 a.m 
 @cnn  will be interviewed by jake tapper at 9:00 a.m. enjoy 
 @nbcsnl - so much fun last night 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m 
 amazing evening at saturday night live 
 i am at the saturday night live studio - electricity all over the place. we will be doing a "tweeting" skit so stay tuned 
 they are saying that tickets to tonight's saturday night live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! off to a good start 
 saturday night live has some incredible things in store tonight. the great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! enjoy 
 @robertgbeckel please thank your brother for his nice words on television. seems like a great guy and character! @cnn 
 one of the dumbest political pundits on television is chris stirewalt of @foxnews. wrong facts - check fox debate rankings trump #1. dope 
 would be nice if @jmartnyt learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. probably done on purpose but not good reporting 
 @billkristol has become a sad case. his magazine is failing badly probably doesn't have long to go and his predictions are always wrong 
 will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. signing a copy of crippled america for bill! https://t.co/agyuvlcu1u 
 so sad that obama rejected keystone pipeline. thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside 
 happy birthday to the great @billygraham. he's done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family. i love billy 
 getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. https://t.co/ashecyfbrv 
 @ajdelgado13 thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts 
 i think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @govchristie &amp; @mikehuckabeegop in the debate. both solid &amp; good guys. @foxbusiness 
 carson now admits his friend named "bob" who he tried to stab (bob was saved by his belt buckle!) no longer exists as bob. wrong name 
 with ben carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it 
 such bad reporting: a puff piece on ben carson in the @nytimes states that carson "is trying to solidify his lead." but i am #1 easily! sad 
 florida ethics commission advocate comes down hard on rubio. so do two people who worked with him. said he used the wrong credit card! sure 
 a great honor to easily finish first in the @foxnews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner 
 the carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend 
 rubio lied about my meeting w/ hispanic activists. i didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. shame! https://t.co/o9kgfi5xch 
 @seanhannity should have corrected jeb bush when he said that i "ran for president twice." never ran merely considered running 
 jeb bush just said about marco rubio "he's my friend!" pure political speak. why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy no friend!" 
 also tune in to the @todayshow at 7:00am. i will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and #crippledamerica 
 i will unveil my first campaign ads on @morning_joe at 6:30am tomorrow. enjoy! #makeamericagreatagain 
 wow! @foxnews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! almost as importantly i am the strongest on economic issues by far! #trump2016 
 just landed in new hampshire - a very exciting morning planned 
 isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (i.b.d.) when i was down but refuses to use it now when i am up 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/f9ujgy3nsk 
 i will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme talking about my new book #crippledamerica and much more! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 
 marco rubio would keep barack obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. see article. cannot be president.      https://t.co/jw5f8oouya 
 @charlesgkoch is looking for a new puppet after governor walker and jeb bush cratered. he now likes rubio--next fail 
 join me today nov 3rd in #trumptowernyc at noon. i'll be signing copies of my new book crippled america. don't miss it 
 i will be interviewed on @gma at 7:00 a.m. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. talking about my new book out today crippled america 
 join me tomorrow nov. 3rd at 12pm in #trumptowerny. i’ll be signing copies of my new book crippled america.  don’t miss it 
 my interview with @jheil &amp; @markhalperin at @wollmanrink airing at 5pm on @bpolitics. https://t.co/qerqu7ceeh 
 @megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when i was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that i’m up? https://t.co/wehqux6ss8 
 @charlesmblow  why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. dishonest reporting 
 meet me at @trumptowerny and get your copy of my new book crippled america signed on 11/3 at 12pm! https://t.co/9m0c0vc2fv 
 thank you carl higbie (former navy seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the veterans administration-a mess!great job @kilmeade 
 @morning_joe: marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. i won every on-line poll even crazy @cnbc. marco good looking 
 sirius national news at 7:30 a.m. steve bannon. @breitbartnews 
 now that iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the u.s 
 thank you @joetrippi for the nice and true words on #media buzz with terrific howie kurtz. leading new hampshire 30 to 12. @foxnews 
 while in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear:  that hillary does not want to run against trump 
 join me tuesday nov. 3rd at 12 pm in #trumptower in nyc. i'll be signing copies of my book crippled america. don't miss it 
 if jeb bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with marco in the debate. bad facts for marco if properly delivered 
 marco rubio will not win. weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight" 
 i told you in speeches months ago that jeb and marco do not like each other. marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to jeb as his mentor 
 jeb's new slogan - "jeb can fix it". i never thought of jeb as a crook! stupid message the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics 
 anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for marco rubio  read this: https://t.co/tj85isbpg8" 
 further proof that gang of eight member marco rubio is weak on illegal immigration is paul singer's mr. amnesty endorsement.rubs can't win 
 gov. john kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. i thought he would have been far more talented. he is just wasting time &amp; money 
 @thehill  john oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. i said "no thanks" waste of time &amp; energy 
 few people know that  @fortunemagazine is still in business. tell your writer  alisa soloman that i left the apprentice to run for president 
 no complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if i wasn't in them? interesting question 
 thank you james freeman of the @wsj for the very nice words. all polls said i won the debate except nbc (3rd). explain to daniel henninger 
 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/uwyangv8ir 
 support coach kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. liberty institute just suspended him 
 just left virginia where i unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great veterans! they will be very happy! https://t.co/rhdicocpyv 
 @colincowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that i thought i'd do his show @theherd on monday (2:30pm est) 
 the @wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me. they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them. look forward to it 
 lifting off right now for u.s.s. wisconsin in norfolk. see ya' 
 i told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. poor results and no money to pay him. if they were legit they would be doing far better 
 i am leaving for norfolk virginia - the great battleship u.s.s. wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. see you soon 
 i see marco rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his superpac which are total scams. marco must address him as "sir" 
 the new nbc poll has me in first place but said i was third in the debate - i demand a recount (just kidding!). every other poll had me #1 
 black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis china russia etc 
 i am going to save medicare and medicaid carson wants to abolish and failing candidate gov. john kasich doesn't have a clue - weak 
 when candidate john kasich on the @oreillyfactor talked about dismantling medicare and medicaid he was referring to ben carson 
 @govmikehuckabee great job on @foxnews tonight. thanks for your nice words about my children. class 
 happy birthday to my friend @garyplayer...https://t.co/wun4av9imt 
 via the political insider: donald trump just received the best news possible!  https://t.co/kfa5wxuxqe 
 donald trump leads polls in florida  https://t.co/ehsfxh8n8u 
 super pacs should be disavowed by anyone running for president. they are a total scam on our system and country! i am self-funding 
 thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. we will #makeamericagreatagain 
 happy birthday to my wonderful daughter @ivankatrump 
 thank you @morning_joe for explaining to @cnn and @andersoncooper and so many others that i am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls 
 thank you @charleshurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. i will win and make america great again 
 loved doing the debate last night on @cnbc. check out all of the polls! everyone agrees that harwood bombed 
 wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. how much longer  will they be around? some very untalented reporters 
 my interview on @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same sunday last year. 20% over last week 
 post-debate via @oann. thank you!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/vhypdzfkpz 
 i was #1 on twitter -- and so positive. thank you! https://t.co/7jbjewt6xk 
 join me tuesday nov. 3rd at 12pm in trump tower nyc.  i’ll be signing copies of my new book crippled america.  don’t miss it 
 @speakerryan congratulations and good luck - you will do a great job for our wonderful u.s.a. 
 failing host @glennbeck a mental basketcase loves superpacs - in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists 
 via @slate: who won the #gopdebate? https://t.co/yhscqpg63v 
 cnbc poll: trump won #gopdebate #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 https://t.co/jeyniigjpj https://t.co/wedauo3drm 
 thank you! https://t.co/meiiuqkes9 
 thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! today i will be speaking in reno nevada 
 thank you @morningmika and @joenbc  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate 
 the money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. losers 
 drudge poll on who won the 3rd #gopdebate. thank you! https://t.co/lcdolijmsl 
 thank you colorado! an honor to win @nbc @9news #gopdebate poll. https://t.co/rvnuqemej0 
 thank you jonathan. greatly appreciated! https://t.co/ew0qdcax8p 
 thanks @piersmorgan. you're great 
 the #cnbcgopdebate poll closed with #trump2016 declared the official winner. thank you! https://t.co/3mfhlcsbwd https://t.co/zpixar5rfc 
 thank you! #gopdebate makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/u6bjbpu30t https://t.co/ub8xqapdzz 
 thanks everyone they all said  i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll 
 via @mailonline "trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put carson on top"-  https://t.co/tfaoarlozb 
 @cnbc  poll  total: trump 25.22  carson 19.78  rubio 9.67 
 @theeconomist poll one of the most highly respected was just released. wow wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy 
 i'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via the economist. 32%! https://t.co/aalsqngha3 
 does anybody think that @cnbc will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. sad 
 @morning_joe can you believe kasie hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in iowa. @politico is a scam 
 @cnbc continues to report fictious poll numbers. number one based on every statistic is trump (by a wide margin). they just can't say it 
 after a great evening and packed auditorium in iowa i am now in colorado looking forward to what i am sure will be a very unfair debate 
 thank you iowa! great night---see you soon! #trump2016 https://t.co/achh90cnrg 
 via the washington post: inside the world of donald trump's super fans: https://t.co/ql6vhkz8pm 
 just out wonderful poll in north carolina. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/xdzgkdtnev 
 i am leaving for sioux city iowa - great event (rally) 
 national gop presidential poll via @oann @realdonaldtrump 35.6% #trump2016 https://t.co/mvcj1zh3ql 
 "trump's national lead increases to 35.6% going into the third gop debate it's trump carson and rubio" https://t.co/8sjazkq3i1 … 
 thank you @sahilkapur for the wonderful story.   https://t.co/3iptylrlzz 
 new gravis national poll just out --- 36%! very nice! #makeamericagreatagain 
 dopey @billkristol who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks said last week on @morning_joe that biden was in 
 #trumptoday watch my appearance on the @todayshow from this morning https://t.co/9nboeguzu1 
 all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s. they're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself 
 re super pac scam:  what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace 
 this whole super pac scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all pac's &amp; is self-funding 
 ben carson wants to abolish medicare - i want to save it and social security 
 leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there live at 7:00 a.m. new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12 
 an aerial shot of jacksonville crowd yesterday! i may as well show you because the media won't. #trump2016 https://t.co/ijf87uvmet 
 remember that carson bush and rubio are very weak on illegal immigration. they will do nothing to stop it. our country will be overrun 
 do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in u.s. who cares my supporters know the truth. think what can be done as president 
 word is that ford motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to mexico and stay in u.s 
 @byronyork  great numbers from @cbsnews poll. also from abc-washington post poll. thank you!  @cnn 
 do you believe that @foxnews is still playing up the old iowa poll numbers and no mention of the abcwashington post or just out cbs results 
 @cbsnews poll - wow!  new hampshire  trump 38% carson 12% bush 8%  south carolina trump 40% carson 23% cruz 8% iowa trump 27% carson 27% 
 watch my interview on @cbsnews face the nation now and also the new cbs polls which if good for me the media won't report 
 big poll comes out today on face the nation at 10:30 on @cbsnews 
 watch @cnn at 9:00 a.m. @jaketapper. then interviewed on @abc @gstephanopoulos at 10:00 a.m. and then at 10:30 a.m. watch face the nation 
 ben carson has never created a job in his life (well maybe a nurse). i have created tens of thousands of jobs it's what i do 
 i spell out some of the differences between ben carson and myself at 9:00 a.m. on @cnn @jaketapper. ben is very weak on illegal immigration 
 a big poll will be announced this morning on @cbsnews  face the nation. i wonder if i do well if the press will report the results? doubt it 
 this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money = u.s. govt 
 i will be doing a major sit down interview on state of the union with jake tapper at 9:00 a.m. on @cnn. enjoy 
 while jeb bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place 
 @jebbush is slashing campaign salaries people making millions. if he can't manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances 
 @jebbush had a tiny 300 person crowd at senator tim scott's forum. i had thousands and they had real passion! https://t.co/osbw3tm4uo 
 @jebbush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about america's future 
 expecting a great crowd of amazing people. questions will be live! #trumptoday 
 i will be doing the @todayshow live from new hampshire at 7am on monday morning. #trumptoday 
 will be doing a sit down interview with  @jaketapper @cnn on sunday morning at 9:00. tough questions and hopefully very good answers 
 just finished speaking in jacksonville florida. incredible crowd fantastic people. thank you 
 saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @trumpdoral in miami. https://t.co/c8ag3egsus 
 leaving for jacksonville now. see you there! miami was great 
 massive crowds already forming in jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  make america great again 
 crowd was amazing tonight at trump national doral in miami. love and excitement in the ballroom. tomorrow at noon in jacksonville 
 so nice of @cher--- greatly appreciated! https://t.co/11hmnfep1s 
 remember official campaign merchandise (hats apparel etc.) can only be bought at https://t.co/sxuul7l8vp. be careful don't get ripped-off 
 the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes 
 joe thanks for not running! https://t.co/yyamvxwc7t 
 #chriswallace who interviewed me on sunday had his highest ratings since feb of '09. congratulations!  https://t.co/o49v73azzb 
 "trump nears 100 days on top" via the hill https://t.co/mdzpy89tre 
 can u believe that jeb bush’s campaign manager is in berlin germany looking for money? what’s he giving to germany? https://t.co/hddwrbtene 
 i think joe biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. personally i would rather run against hillary because her record is so bad 
 the great workers who just completed the skylight at trump international hotel d.c. (old post office) https://t.co/wej6ijybdk 
 @trumptoronto was just voted the #1 hotel in canada in conde nast traveler’s prestigious reader’s choice awards  https://t.co/uc9txu7o8g 
 new poll by abc news/washington post  trump 32  carson 22  rubio 10  bush 7  wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one 
 i will be interviewed on @gma good morning america at 7:00 a.m. @abc will be announcing new poll numbers. make america great again 
 just out: boston herald/franklin pierce poll  n.h.  trump 28 (up 10)  carson 16  bush 9  rubio 6  cruz 5  press will say they are surging 
 @gma at 7:00 a.m 
 @monicacrowley you were great on @seanhannity tonight. thank you for the nice words 
 i will be interviewed on @gma good morning america tomorrow at 7:00 a.m. big new abc poll coming out - i hope i do well 
 @seanhannity at 10:00 
 @karlrove  had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41% - morning consult. boston globe monmouth nbc and cnn all great. more 
 i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. you will find it very interesting (i hope). enjoy 
 both aberdeen and turnberry in scotland and the soon to open doonbeg in ireland blow bandon dunes away. bandon is a toy by comparison 
 "donald trump tops franklin-pierce/herald poll at 28 percent in n.h."  https://t.co/gxxj4yhkiw 
 lots of great new polls--big leads!  https://t.co/og4sn4exbo     https://t.co/xjaawc9rgo     https://t.co/8fyxyena0h 
 i will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 pm @foxnews. #hannity 
 bill clinton wants to #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/rvozhzrleb 
 tonight's official count--7943. an all time record for the anderson civic center in sc! thanks! #trump2016 https://t.co/bmjcymz1qp 
 see the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. we need real leadership and vision. https://t.co/ja1fo5h6fp 
 via @ibtimes: "under fire from donald trump jeb bush focuses on 9/11 even though hijackers got florida licenses"https://t.co/a9s6mhsk07 
 interesting reading re september 11th http://t.co/efgd00dzqo 
 new poll: trump blue collar support highest since fdr in 1930s--wow! http://t.co/fnrixjwcvf 
 bruce willis wearing my hat on @fallontonight last friday- http://t.co/d2plebk3m2 
 jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper 
 it's really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal. man we could use a big fat dose of global warming 
 best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show 
 fox news sunday with chris wallace will be re-broadcast on @foxnews  at 6:00 p.m 
 just reported by cnn that "the trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering democratic debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. so true 
 it's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the wall street journal in particular a real dope named charles lane 
 i will be interviewed by chris wallace at 2:00 p.m. on @foxnews - turn off the football for 15 minutes make america great again 
 replay of fox news sunday with chris wallace at 2:00 p.m. on @foxnews. big statement made by chris 
 i should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. minds would be changed very fast 
 does everyone remember   @mittromney and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". he was done. i don't need his angry advice 
 @mittromney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost 
 @mittromney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because i have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to obama 
 @foxnewssunday 
 jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the middle east by attacking iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? bad info 
 this morning chris wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because i'm on it (kidding)! have fun 
 jeb bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. also rubio is hitting him hard 
 on at 9:00a.m. or 10:00 a.m. (depending on your location)  on fox is a tough but really good interview with chris wallace. enjoy 
 amazing! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016http://t.co/fnrixjwcvf 
 good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks 
 i will be interviewed on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 9:00 a.m. or 10:00 a.m. (depending on location). will be tough but good 
 a great story in the new york post ---really well written!http://t.co/zxfte8aqyf 
 russia and the world has already started to respect us again!http://t.co/3hdsutmhim 
 via business insider: donald trump's poll dominance in 2 key states is mind-blowing- http://t.co/fqiapu6gvc 
 via cnet: donald trump bests jeb bush in website performance experts say- http://t.co/iohazot8lk 
 @hillaryclinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in new hampshire. my crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic 
 thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. one thing we do have great teams in ia nh sc and beyond. https://t.co/zvqiw6cpco 
 @katrinapierson you did a fantastic job tonight on @foxnews. thank you for your very tough and very smart representation 
 @jebbush like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #makeamericagreatagain 
 no @jebbush you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the world trade center was attacked and came down 
 @jebbushat the debate you said your brother kept us safe- i wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the wtc came down during his watch 9/11 
 in massachusetts --- the place is packed! #makeamericagreatagain 
 heading to boston to see another huge crowd! my friend tom brady is a great competitor and golf partner. https://t.co/lwpbffq5bp 
 rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @vanityfair magazine "sloppy" graydon carter is going to be fired or replaced very soon 
 a great new poll-33%! http://t.co/3eheivyd5a 
 nice story from @businessinsider http://t.co/o0snyivv0m 
 @scottienhughes  keep up the great work scottie. polls are best ever 
 @erictrump was fantastic on @foxandfriends this morning. he may be my son but he is a special guy 
 @cnbc has just agreed that the debate will be two hours. fantastic news for all especially the millions of people who will be watching 
 every poll time drudge slate and others said i won both debates - but heard megyn kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. i don't watch 
 @marcthiessen is a failed bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. a third rate talent 
 megyn kelly has two really dumb puppets chris stirewalt &amp; marc threaten (a bushy) who do exactly what she says. all polls say i won debates 
 will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. enjoy 
 why is the @gop being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #demdebate 
 @cnbc is pushing the @gop around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials 
 the @gop should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @cnbc is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party 
 @kevinhart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @k1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 thanks kevin--so nice 
 a great day in new jersey for trump! http://t.co/idayongil4 &amp; http://t.co/ysqpfea6ke 
 signing my tax return.... http://t.co/xjfxeaorbu 
 i'm very proud of my daughter ivanka. great interview.   http://t.co/anl95tovro 
 incredible crowd in richmond virginia tonight! so much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/b0pff9adzf 
 just did @oreillyfactor. will be back on at 11pm on @foxnews 
 cnn poll just out on south carolina – great #’s http://t.co/e6do3oi10z 
 @andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #demdebate last night. tough firm but fair 
 cnn/orc poll results just out for nevada—wow! trump 38 carson 22 fiorina 8 bush 6 cruz 4  http://t.co/x2kv6qzpia 
 steven tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. good for him 
 even though i have the legal right to use steven tyler’s song he asked me not to. have better one to take its place 
 will be going to richmond virginia today. big crowd! see you there 
 the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the b team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me 
 we need a strong leader- and fast! https://t.co/uvhbc0jnxd 
 #demdebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers 
 like her or not hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft 
 the latest book on hillary—wow a really tough one! http://t.co/zcouautdi8  @rogerjstonejr 
 check out oan and compare to what you are watching now 
 notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans #demdebate 
 sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question 
 sorry there is no star on the stage tonight 
 good move by bernie s 
 the hardest thing clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including iraq vote e-mails etc 
 all are very scripted and rehearsed two (at least) should not be on the stage 
 who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #demdebate 
 o'malley as former mayor of baltimore has very little chance 
 can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way 
 the trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! #demdebate 
 get rid of all of these commercials. #demdebate 
 putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #demdebate 
 we will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. i will shoot straight and call it as i see it both the good and the bad. enjoy 
 should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows maybe a star will be born (unlikely) 
 live from new york- november 7th! @nbcsnl http://t.co/rfee86mbbp 
 it was just announced that i will be hosting saturday night live on nov. 7th --  look forward to it! http://t.co/d74eqyvr0p 
 "exclusive--davi: trump the lion we need"  http://t.co/oynwvnfsge 
 how can jeb bush expect to deal with china russia + iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in nh 
 so nice thank you very much.  https://t.co/ombuwuha0m 
 everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realdonaldtrump #demdebate 
 very honored: "trump is tops as clinton drops in connecticut primaries quinnipiac university poll finds"     http://t.co/6d8wila8fb 
 the arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at no labels yesterday was a jeb staffer! how can he beat russia &amp; china 
 sheldon adelson is looking to give big dollars to rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. i agree 
 someone should inform @cnn that despite spending millions of $'s on graphics it is not the democratic debate rather the democrat (s) d 
 at the request of many and even though i expect it to be a very boring two hours i will be covering the democrat debate live on twitter 
 will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10pm tonight. enjoy 
 thank you. https://t.co/hfdfvwmy7q 
 via realclear politics  http://t.co/u7jppgszvn 
 leaving soon after a great time in new hampshire a truly special place 
 great everyone is saying i did much better on @60minutes  last week than president obama did tonight. i agree 
 president obama was terrible on @60minutes tonight. he said climate change is the most important thing not all of the current disasters 
 i will be on face the nation (cbs) today at 10:30 a.m. and media buzz (fox news) at 11:00 a.m. enjoy 
 just got back from georgia. the crowds and love for u.s. was so amazing! we all had a great day together - will be back soon 
 little barry diller who lost a fortune on newsweek and daily beast only writes badly about me. he is a sad and pathetic figure. lives lie 
 via breitbart - "riding high in polls donald trump storms the american south to overflow crowds in georgia"http://t.co/ilcamzxc82 
 with the fantastic ratings last weekend @meetthepress &amp; @thisweekabc i think it’s only fair that i go on @foxnewssunday w/ chris wallace 
 will be interviewed on @facethenation with @jdickerson tomorrow at 10:30am est. enjoy 
 my interview with @howardkurtz on #mediabuzz will air tomorrow on @fox at 11am and 5pm. great job howie very insightful 
 @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last sunday --- trump interview. nice 
 thank you georgia! i had a great afternoon with all of you! i will be back soon. #makeamerciagreatagain http://t.co/gkfoshg2xh 
 @chucktodd just informed us that my interview last week on @meetthepress was their highest rated show in 4 years. congrats 
 i'm leading big in every poll and we are going to win! remember trump never gives up 
 paul ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy. the republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games 
 heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center. big crowds great people 
 will be interviewed on "media buzz" with howie kurtz on fox sunday at 11:00 a.m 
 great gravis poll on the great state of nh. also watch @facethenation on cbs &amp; @howardkurtz #mediabuzz -- both on sunday 
 mark--they could use you.  https://t.co/toj3ecojnz 
 good luck to the us men’s national team in tomorrow’s concacaf cup vs. mexico!  it should be a great game!  https://t.co/nh31afzjnz 
 new gravis poll in nh just out:  trump 32% carson 13%  http://t.co/mjcwoeijkv 
 crowd gathers to hear trump speech in las vegas http://t.co/ox6yycv5s4 
 thank you. https://t.co/vssa4n3ol7 
 true. thanks.  https://t.co/bjnef2yfvq 
 thanks. https://t.co/azxlgvwegm 
 i will be going to atlanta georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: http://t.co/ty3vyumphm. hope to see you there! #makeamericagreatagain 
 i will be interviewed on @facethenation sunday 10am on cbs. @johndickerson is a true pro 
 thanks larry. best wishes.  https://t.co/azwpbsjj7t 
 good luck! enjoy. https://t.co/ddfptvypxv 
 will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:20. great crowd in las vegas yesterday 
 i was so happy when i heard that @politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. pure scum 
 @ewerickson ran @redstate into the ground. a change was necessary. congratulations to @redstate and good luck in the future 
 @ewerickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. a dummy with no it factor. will fade fast 
 a great event in las vegas nevada! http://t.co/li75orkoqt 
 just leaving las vegas. unbelievable crowd! many hispanics who love me and i love them! https://t.co/t7hzdv9wer 
 thank you! https://t.co/bfsu7j5mcq 
 thanks. https://t.co/fgcu1ih3ew 
 website exposing marco ‘amnesty’ rubio goes live: a ‘donor class puppet’? - breitbart    http://t.co/garr1v5736 
 'the goal is to be the winner': donald trump's campaign is for real. via the guardian   http://t.co/7yp6iw2srp 
 "this man is the most dangerous political operative in america"  via bloomberg politics  http://t.co/5htys6nqtr 
 washington (d.c.) is such a mess - nothing works! i will make america great again!  it's not going to happen with anyone else 
 great kevin mccarthy drops out of speaker race. we need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job 
 i'm at trump int'l hotel in las vegas tallest/most beautiful building in town. speaking to another great crowd at treasure island (12 noon) 
 what a time we all had in iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd. love them 
 wow great news! i hear @ewerickson of red state was fired like a dog. if you read his tweets you'll understand why. just doesn't have it 
 i hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. unlike me his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad i didn’t do his show 
 wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than boehner) speaks badly of me only because i refuse to do his show--a real nut job 
 just arrived in las vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. big poll results today leading big everywhere. make america great again 
 iowa was amazing today. great crowd great people. thanks will be back soon 
 @stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping romney to get destroyed by obama. should have won 
 just found out i won the rockingham county republican booth straw poll at the deerfield fair in new hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---wow 
 @politico has no power  but so dishonest 
 i wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting 
 heading to a packed house in waterloo iowa! will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. see you soon 
 if stuart stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to mitt romney don't waste your money. arrogant guy but a zero 
 ben carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims. not fair 
 true! https://t.co/v3y6exaqgy 
 i will be on @specialreport with @bretbaier tonight at 6pm. http://t.co/ieh3rhp98s 
 "labor unions giving serious thought to endorsing trump" via washington examiner  http://t.co/xrepsyudsj 
 crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—i said no—total frauds 
 @waynenewtonmrlv  wayne such a pleasant surprise--so nice. thank you very much 
 don't ever forget we will together make america great again 
 so so so important - make america great again 
 political strategist stuart stevenswho led romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts 
 thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina 
 the incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. tpp is a terrible deal 
 for all of my fantastic  supporters and for the u.s.a. we are going to win and make america great again maybe greater than ever before 
 i'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking would you ever get out? they are just troublemakers i'm going to win 
 will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 a.m 
 will be interviewed by @gstephanopoulos on @abc    at 10:00 a.m 
 the people of tennessee yesterday were amazing. thank you 
 tune in to see me on @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos at 10am et. enjoy 
 i will be on @meetthepress with @chucktodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am et on @nbc. enjoy 
 just leaving nashville tennessee. had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! love nashville -- back soon! http://t.co/cs8dod8wfm 
 rubio was very disloyal to bush his mentor when he decided to run against him. both said they "love" each other.they don't - word is hate 
 bush and rubio are finally attacking each other as i knew they would in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.great 
 thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about melania. you will like her great heart and smart - always wanting to help people 
 pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging @monteskitchen in upstate new york. http://t.co/lvx5sehqvv 
 congratulations to my brother robert &amp; ann marie on the success of @monteskitchen in dutchess county new york (amenia.) great food 
 will be in nashville tennessee tomorrow (saturday) at 2:30 p.m. so much to talk about - see you there 
 i was so looking forward to being in virginia beach virginia today. the demand for tickets was amazing. good luck with storm back soon 
 my warmest condolences to the families of the horrible roseburg oregon shootings 
 i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. many things mostly bad to talk about 
 @mittromney is trying to hit back at me because i'm saying that he let the repub party down w/ his loss to obama. should've won—he choked 
 thanks. https://t.co/oj0mbxv1uc 
 just got back from new hampshire. great crowd great people! will be back soon 
 "trump’s tax plan: a proposal reagan would approve?" by jeff bell  http://t.co/kmpeswvslr 
 i will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @cnn at 10pm 
 interesting polls on who won the gop debate. http://t.co/ib6ngqsg5v 
 wow so nice! thank you wayne allyn root. http://t.co/dzulhdzsoi 
 great news! just out--the highly respected usa today/suffolk university poll. enjoy! https://t.co/11pdlodthv 
 anyone reading this profile of marco rubio would never vote for him. never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!http://t.co/ka0lvffjfm 
 highly respected economist @larry_kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you larry. http://t.co/vt8y7c8psn 
 rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. a lightweight senator with the worst voting record in senate. lazy 
 just read that "trump" has the largest (and i add most enthusiastic) crowds. tonight i will be in new hampshire - the place will be packed 
 i watched lightweight senator  marco rubio who is all talk and no action defend his weak position on illegal immigration. pathetic 
 great! https://t.co/je440ddzbs 
 carl icahn said this about me:  "i think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems." 
 definitely watch @carl_c_icahn ‘s ‘danger ahead’. very insightful particularly on how corp inversions hurt america: http://t.co/pjn89swvtf 
 i hope when rand paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. i will do a much better job for them 
 prediction: rand paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1% 
 do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the u.s. should have been let go with last deal 
 wow the ratings for @60minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice 
 "the gop debate scorecard: donald trump and energy"  by wayne allyn root. http://t.co/mmfjegrnf8 
 zogby poll: trump widens lead after gop debate  http://t.co/yazykwvxnj 
 conservative? jeb bush doubled florida state debt!http://t.co/kdoycqwuqi 
 will be doing @outfrontcnn with @erinburnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics 
 thanks. http://t.co/sxuul7l8vp https://t.co/fbnl1g5awg 
 i know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- http://t.co/fxtuqnxefh #makeamericagreatagain 
 live on #periscope: tax plan press conference#trump2016  https://t.co/dqqs5d9r3o 
 looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11am at @trumptowerny 
 hope we all enjoy  @60minutes tomorrow night. i do believe they will treat me fairly 
 marco rubio is a member of the gang of eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration. only changed when poll numbers crashed 
 lightweight senator marco rubio is very weak on immigration knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals 
 an updated poll tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals i maintained a double digit lead at… https://t.co/fgxhzluija 
 just left oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! what a night 
 thank you @frankluntz  https://t.co/gpjbnxkv3e 
 i will be on @cbs @60minutes this sunday. a great honor-- hope you enjoy it 
 @thr "the donald trump ratings bump: who's benefiting most?" http://t.co/undo1krfus 
 @thehill- trump on boehner resignation: 'it's a good thing' http://t.co/flb93n4fok 
 has worst attendance record in senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio 
 @marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country 
 dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including fox nbc cnn zogby &amp; morning consult matter. serious haters 
 at the old post office- http://t.co/8rs1fbcaiz 
 i am now inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue - will be a great hotel. soon off to the oklahoma state fair 
 ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight 
 great reception in d.c. at the values voter summit. now checking on my job at the old post office 
 @megynkelly the @foxnews   poll said very plainly i came in second in the debate. all others time drudge slate etc. said i came in 1st 
 just watched @marcorubio on television. just another all talk no action politician. truly doesn't have a clue! worst voting record in sen 
 wow a really nice lead in new hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! http://t.co/cr0ood5loi 
 the failing @politico news outlet which i hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest 
 @politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something 
 dishonest @nytimes reporter jonathan martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… https://t.co/9emtq4ndbz 
 bloomberg: trump leads gop field https://t.co/kwqwerzikl 
 despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly. thank you to my amazing supporters 
 new bloomberg poll: trump leads big http://t.co/eu0rmdbupw 
 so happy about my daughter @ivankatrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. congratulations 
 will be on @morning_joe at 6:30 a.m 
 will be on @cnn at 7:00 a.m 
 @foxnews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @richlowry to use such foul language on tv. unheard of 
 incompetent @richlowry lost it tonight on @foxnews. he should not be allowed on tv and the fcc should fine him 
 wow! what a great night. thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @stephenathome http://t.co/5rq2imphx6 @colbertlateshow 
 @foxnews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; i have therefore decided that i won't be doing any more fox shows for the foreseeable future 
 yogi berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy. yogi will be missed. https://t.co/bc9pionmeh 
 headline reads" rubio passes bush in florida poll" -- unfair because trump destroys them both! trump 31.5% rubio 19.2% bush 11.3% 
 @juliinkster  congratulations on your great win--what a captain what a champion 
 i will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on cbs. enjoy! http://t.co/vdzpyct3aq 
 i will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60minutes this sunday. there certainly is plenty to talk about 
 just remember the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in 
 i think @megynkelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation 
 do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when i hit back it is totally  sexist. she is highly overrated 
 senator marco "amnesty" rubio who has worst voting record in senate just hit me on national security-but i said don't go into iraq. vision 
 i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30 http://t.co/bncg1xqvcw 
 yom kippur blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world. #yomkippur 
 morning consult poll: "trump leads"  http://t.co/61lfn0pfsw 
 2016 republican primary morning consult poll was just released. trump 32 carson 12 bush 11 fiorina 6 rubio 5 cruz 5. taken after debate 
 @richlowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue 
 i am having a really hard time watching @foxnews 
 @oreillyfactor why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old trump haters. boring 
 @oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including nbc. @foxnews not good for me 
 via huffpost pollster #1 http://t.co/ixcbctduip 
 i will be interviewed tonight at 7pm et by @greta #ontherecord 
 i got to know @scottwalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future 
 thank you dan--i agree! best wishes. https://t.co/daeomtnomq 
 #asktrump @twitternyc http://t.co/hjho1rk06y 
 i had a great time at @twitternyc #asktrump http://t.co/rfwqddpb33 
 i just wrapped up a q&amp;a @twitternyc. thanks for all your questions! #asktrump http://t.co/zpbcrhfxy6 
 @_just_mads_ #asktrump http://t.co/zelkkmmjtu 
 @marieleff #asktrump http://t.co/ufclfkefrn 
 @joycefinance #asktrump http://t.co/p8cwerg0lt 
 @modern_do_good #asktrump http://t.co/i7aah7avrw 
 @arealsuperman #asktrump http://t.co/x2j6yiabzu 
 @highsock_sunday #asktrump http://t.co/qvakuzxzab 
 @kylestephens30 #asktrump http://t.co/gjudtw87k7 
 @elisechristine #asktrump http://t.co/kv1npnyjtc 
 @marketmavensinc #asktrump http://t.co/6ushpc3bm2 
 @dixierhilton #asktrump http://t.co/dbk8jckt5s 
 #asktrump getting ready to answer your questions. http://t.co/misqyasjhu 
 has the media picked up the new zogby poll that was just put out? i doubt it! http://t.co/yazykwvxnj 
 jeb has been confused for forty years- https://t.co/moqjlnwryj 
 carly fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! http://t.co/n7lo0llhk8 
 #asktrump send me your questions to answer live from @twitternyc later this afternoon 
 new zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!     http://t.co/yazykwvxnj 
 the @todayshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where i have a massive lead but instead used @cnn numbers where my lead is smaller 
 will be on @foxandfriends  now. enjoy 
 carly fiorina did such a horrible job at lucent and hp virtually destroying both companies that she never got another ceo job offer! pres 
 we are going to win and make america great again maybe better than ever before 
 i am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far.   much of the media is totally dishonest. so sad 
 i have been leading big in all  polls with two more today @nbc and @cnn. the nbc poll is more than double next  at 29%. fiorina has 11% 
 there is no way that carly  fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems. boxer killed her for senate in california 
 i will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. based on the debate results i should do well-who knows 
 thank you faith and freedom forum &amp; @urbandaleschool. i had a great time in iowa today! http://t.co/peeehtvtc8 
 a great night in iowa! https://t.co/vfcrhwtktu 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 http://t.co/o5v9ox3pyd 
 on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya 
 christians need support in our country (and around the world) their religious liberty is at stake! obama has been horrible i will be great 
 if i would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. a no win situation 
 if someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? no chance 
 this is the first time in my life that i have caused controversy by not saying something 
 am i morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? i don't think so 
 looking forward to meeting the students of urbandale high school tomorrow- http://t.co/urj3tic2e3 
 i’ve just released my position papers on the second amendment. https://t.co/ssfxvgwtip 
 thank you.  https://t.co/g4clmowe4u 
 give america back its dream!    -- donald j. trump 
 wow great post-debate poll: "trump increases lead" via breitbart  http://t.co/b3yjk2lj8i 
 would be really bad if columnist mike lupica left the @nydailynews.  a wonderful and talented guy 
 will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10 pm. enjoy 
 going to new hampshire in a little while. big crowds! #makeamericagreatagain 
 every poll done on debate last night from drudge to newsmax to time magazine had me winning in a landslide. #makeamericagreatagain 
 just announced that in the history of @cnn last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note 
 #cnndebate http://t.co/0r8fc2zzvy 
 #cnndebate http://t.co/x4m9wfewx2 
 the #cnndebate was amazing --- so much fun! http://t.co/tj3cnqp3pu 
 #cnndebate winning the @drudge_report poll- http://t.co/fokcasbvun 
 thank you to tom brady coach ditka coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive 
 a great honor from somebody that knows how to win! https://t.co/syjh9ot0zx 
 will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long too many people on stage 
 i hope arnold s. does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because i get a big percentage of the profits 
 just finished the wonderful event on the u.s.s. iowa. veterans for a strong america endorsed me. such a great honor thank you 
 @rushlimbaugh rush i am in la inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. you are truly fantastic--thanks 
 the polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. i’m turning down millions 
 everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in dallas last night. spectacular crowd &amp; arena! thank you @mcuban 
 @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class 
 my plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie 
 little respected club for growth asked me for $1000000 - i said "no". now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads 
 am now in l.a. will be going to the u.s.s. iowa at 5:30 p.m. to speak to our great veterans and other friends 
 our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. enough! join me &amp; @v4sa on @ussiowa at la waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military 
 loved dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. will be back 
 i will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the us again! join me today. info: http://t.co/oipqsjt7fh 
 speech in dallas went really well. big and wonderful crowd. just arrived in l.a. big day tomorrow 
 unbelievable crowd in dallas! https://t.co/9hngvybjez 
 vets mistreated no border security? i’m with @v4sa this tuesday 9/15 to #makeamericasmilitarygreatagain! join us! http://t.co/oipqsjt7fh 
 the event with me and @v4sa in l.a on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. get your tickets before they're gone http://t.co/oipqsjt7fh 
 looking forward to joining @v4sa tuesday 9/15 in l.a. aboard the @ussiowa - the battleship of presidents! join us! http://t.co/oipqsjt7fh 
 my opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. they will fail! money down the drain 
 thanks mark will be fun. https://t.co/hzlkplebet 
 to all my fans sorry i couldn’t do the apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. love 
 congrats to my friend @schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  celebrity apprentice. he'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity 
 my honor thank you.  https://t.co/0wklnsiss6 
 why is someone like george pataki who did a terrible job as governor of n.y. and registers zero in the polls allowed on the debate stage 
 had a record crowd in boone iowa. a fantastic day--- we will #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/octcvayqoo 
 i am having a great time in iowa at jack trice stadium! unbelievable people 
 too many people on stage for debate. @randpaul at 11th with 2% in @realclearnews shouldn't be allowed to participate 
 i truly understood the appeal of ron paul but his son @randpaul didn't get the right gene 
 lightweight senator @randpaul should focus on trying to get elected in kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him 
 donald trump sends @fallontonight to highest friday rating in 18 months. @jimmyfallon that is #huge!http://t.co/mrhdw7dows 
 trump’s campaign hat becomes an ironic summer accessory - the new york times. http://t.co/xleluqfxof 
 @mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. enjoy 
 backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight https://t.co/torifu4vr0 
 the tonight show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 p.m.  enjoy 
 amazing crowd outside @fallontonight. tune in tonight at 11:30. http://t.co/4dxoev0wia 
 @governorperry is a terrific guy and i wish him well- i know he will have a great future 
 on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy 
 via the hill "no tickets left for trump's dallas rally" http://t.co/mc5bpdt6s8 
 @robertjeffress i greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @foxnews. have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you 
 just purchased nbc’s half of the miss universe organization and settled all lawsuits against them. now own 100% -- stay tuned 
 let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again 
 oh wow lightweight governor @bobbyjindal who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair. so original 
 also tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames. really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa 
 very good news—the new quinnipiac poll just came out—i am #1 in iowa 
 i will be on the tonight show with jimmy fallon tonight at 11:30. should be fun! @jimmyfallon 
  i only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. i never thought he had a chance and i’ve been proven right 
 bobby jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore i have never met him… 
 i'll be on @greta on the record tonight at 7 pm 
 wow i am ahead of the field with evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group and ben carson just took a swipe at me 
 i had a great day in d.c. even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible iran nuke deal. amazing crowd and enthusiasm 
 man did jeb throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . probably true but not nice 
 i will be speaking at the #stopirandeal rally shortly- watch live here- http://t.co/hstapf0qqo 
 a letter to @cnn president jeff zucker- http://t.co/hkuyv9tfrm 
 see you in d.c. tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. at the capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with iran. really sad 
 via @usatoday- "amateur hour with the iran nuclear deal" http://t.co/vdlxplpj7i 
 will be on bill o'reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm. enjoy 
 a great honor to receive polling numbers like these. record setting african american (25%) &amp; hispanic numbers (31%). http://t.co/p7d6rjemtz 
 i'm on bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm. it will be another lively interview about how to #makeamericagreatagain 
 jeb’s policies in florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. right after he left he went to work for lehman brothers—wow 
 the lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false 
 i’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! don’t believe them 
 wake up jeb supporters! https://t.co/h51dpgm9jk 
 thank you @ingrahamangle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @foxnews but @karlrove is easy to beat 
 wow! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president. thank you robert. http://t.co/tpv3w18bw6 
 tomorrow in dc: 1 pm west front lawn of the capitol. not even believable that we would do this deal with iran 
 look forward to being in dc tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with iran 
 looking forward to being with @sentedcruz at our big rally in d.c. on wednesday (1:00 p.m. at the capitol) to protest insane iran nuke deal 
 both washington d.c. and dallas are turning out to be really big events. d.c. is protest of incompetent iran deal and dallas is big speech 
 remember i'll see you in d.c. at the capitol building on wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. then dallas on sept.14 at 6:00 p.m. american air center 
 thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @foxnews. i am with the evangelicals and tea party big time. we will all win  together 
 @club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000. when i said no they came out against me. a scam operation 
 i will be in washington d.c. on wednesday1 p.m.in front of the capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with iran 
 the dallas event on september 14 at 6:00 p.m. at the american airlines center looks like it will be a giant success. tickets are going fast 
 our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like hillary or barack neither of which has a clue 
 the phony club for growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 (i said no) is now wanting to do negative ads on me. total hypocrites 
 if the presidential election were held today according to this @surveyusa poll donald trump would defeat any dem: http://t.co/wmfhknnswm" 
 the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class 
 by self-funding my campaign i am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists. i am only working for the people of the u.s. 
 remember that i am self-funding my campaign. hillary jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% controlled 
 hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion no truth. just can't read speeches 
 hillary clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter i have ever seen. in fact it wasn't even see through glass it was black 
 saudi arabia was "vehemently" against the iran nuclear deal. then today they embraced it. what happened? what did we give them to endorse 
 just announced that because of "trump" advertising rates for debate on @cnn are going from $5000 to $200000 a 4000% increase.pay charity 
 why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like hugh hewitt be doing the next debate on @cnn. he is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy 
 very low ratings radio host hugh hewitt asked me about suleiman abu bake al-baghdad hassan nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions 
 the dallas event in two weeks at the american airlines center is filling up fast. get your tickets fast  before it is too late 
 @meghanmccain was terrible on @thefive yesterday. angry and obnoxious she will never make it on t.v. @foxnews can do so much better 
 terrific response to my previous tweet: "i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm." http://t.co/rc8jo7fzqx … 
 so nice thank you laura.  https://t.co/f42oc3yfa9 
 daily caller: trump surpasses field flirts with 40 percent in alabama poll http://t.co/lzg5m8smyc 
 i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm.  will be great to be back in texas. http://t.co/rc8jo7fzqx 
 will be on @morning_joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. enjoy 
 the pledge #makeamericagreatagain http://t.co/5ovwdxgln9 
 live on #periscope: watch major press conference live from @trumptowerny now! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/wwdgqkehd3 
 congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory- tom is my friend and a total winner 
 the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the u.s. lost on virtually every point. we just don't win anymore 
 @brithume i am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with ben carson in one iowa poll. i thought you knew this-thanks 
 tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/huffpost pollster #gop http://t.co/slsvuxcehf 
 2016 gop nomination polls have me as #1 as seen on @specialreport with @bretbaier. http://t.co/izzg1n8mwu 
 @kevinolearytv great job on @foxandfriends this morning. you tell it like it is! also thx for the nice mention. your book sounds great 
 a terrible deal with iran! https://t.co/dhdfog3tfp 
 will be interviewed on @gma this morning at 7:00. thanks for the great poll results 
 when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nasty.what a waste of money that would have been 
 the president of the pathetic club for growth came to my office in n.y.c. and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution. i said no way 
 every poll has me winning big.if you listen to dopey karl rove a trump hater on @oreillyfactor you would think i'm doing poorly. @foxnews 
 why does @oreillyfactor and @foxnews always have karl rove on. he spent $430 million and lost all races. a dope who said romney won election 
 i’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters 
 many super pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to attack trump. remember when u see them 
 no more clintons or bushes! https://t.co/bhz4etnhw7 
 congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on twitter--and heading up fast 
 while millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. i am self funding 
 jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. bad system 
 yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. will jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me 
 the just released public policy polling (ppp - national result) is the best yet. make america great again 
 just out - new ppp national poll has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. i wonder why only @foxnews has not reported this? too bad 
 150 clinton e-mails still contain classified information. more sensitive when she was sec.of state. this is a very big deal 
 president obama wants to change the name of mt. mckinley to denali after more than 100 years. great insult to ohio. i will change back 
 very proud of trump int'l golf links in aberdeen scotland. just got the five star award from @visitscotnews  https://t.co/va4rhfo9eh 
 see i told you so http://t.co/uoc8xu11z3 
 this is no "act of love" as jeb bush said… https://t.co/k4fktkpati 
 for those that don’t think a wall (fence) works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the white house? foolish people 
 huma abedin the top aide to hillary clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag anthony wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info 
 leading in the bloomberg iowa poll. also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip. thank you iowa 
 loved being with my many friends in tennessee. the crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. i won the straw poll big 
 via @breitbartnews "trump wins nashville grassroots straw poll with 52 percent"- http://t.co/kmnu8iki5q 
 wow jeb bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit 
 leaving now for tennessee. big crowd 
 great rally last night in massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! unbelievable spirit to make america great again 
 will be interviewed by @sarahpalinusa tonight at 10:00 on oan network. enjoy 
 thank you @amspec http://t.co/bpybnpxmc9 
 a phony story that i am trying to buy a soccer team in argentina is untrue. never even heard of the team—no interest! http://t.co/ycqaqbarfj 
 #makeamericagreatagain from my speech in south carolina yesterday- http://t.co/pv8sivxczu 
 via cnn: trump now leads in odds to win gop nomination http://t.co/6exyto6bpj 
 great job tonight on @foxnews tony. i am with you all the way! make america great again  @tperkins 
 will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:00 a.m. so much to talk about 
 who wants the endorsement of a guy (@ericcantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of congress 
 @benfergusonshow just watched you on @cnn. thank you for your nice comments 
 the press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! https://t.co/z00nilb7ni 
 great job on @cnn tonight @heytana. we are all proud of you! also congrats on a great son - he is going places 
 @katrinacampins you were absolutely great on @cnn! thank you 
 @dennisdmz thanks for the nice words. you are fantastic 
 thank you christian broadcasting network  @thebrodyfile @cbnnews http://t.co/fwpggislu8 
 will be interviewed on the @todayshow this morning at 7:00. talking about politics polls and whatever. enjoy 
 just got back from iowa. fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. will be back again soon. thanks 
 heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls all first place are amazing. thank you 
 thank you @billkristol. i am going to make america great again 
 great american heroes who averted an attack in france. thank you! spencer stone anthony sadler &amp; alex skarlatos. http://t.co/5p0tx9mq8u 
 true thanks.  https://t.co/hdzt12oaid 
 thanks.  https://t.co/qvdljtolqz 
 another good poll result in the great state of sc. trump at 30%. carson at 15% and bush at 9%.  http://t.co/fjqfdcrfdt 
 congrats @lindseygrahamsc. you just got 4 points in your home state of sc—far better than zero nationally. you’re only 26 pts behind me 
 @governorpataki did a terrible job as governor of new york. if he ran again he would have lost in a landslide. he and graham zero in polls 
 jeb bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." it's not a fence jeb it's a wall and there's a big difference 
 asians are very offended that jeb said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. a mess 
 in a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed asians 
 jeb bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc. is he ashamed of the name bush? a pretty sad situation. go jeb 
 i liked the kelly file much better without @megynkelly. perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation 
 @megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game. was afraid to confront dr. cornel west. no clue on immigration 
 via the brody file: "the lesson evangelicals can learn from donald trump"  thank you david &amp; cbn news--so nice.   http://t.co/xsbtuxxs7k 
 via int'l business times: jeb bush got $1.3m job at lehman after florida shifted pension cash to bank. http://t.co/ubprpuwhq9 
 thank you greta. https://t.co/dty0c6k6fz 
 even barbara bush agrees with me- https://t.co/y3ssyf7xxx 
 depression- be careful of china! https://t.co/6bgk0zjkwt 
 markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing china and asia to dictate the agenda. this could get very messy! vote trump 
 as i have long stated we are so tied in with china and asia that their markets are now taking the u.s. market down. get smart u.s.a 
 new reuters poll just came out and has me at 32% highest number yet.the silent majority is back and we will make america great again 
 the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips no more taxes"). greatness 
 jeb bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. jeb just can't get it right 
 jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women's health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing 
 now that i started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally  speaking up. just politicians 
 it has just been confirmed by  the city of mobile alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it  #1for pol season 
 how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad 
 thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in alabama last night. it was a great evening 
 i had 15000 people in phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." but said bernie  sanders had 11000 in same room 
 @politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something. they go out of their way to distort truth 
 alabama was great last night amazing people. 30000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. nice 
 @jessebwatters you did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. everybody loved it! thank you for the nice words 
 #makeamericagreatagain #trumprallyal http://t.co/uokcey7e4n 
 dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. be careful 
 leaving for mobile alabama right now - can't be late 
 boston incident is terrible. we need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect. i would never condone violence 
 great! https://t.co/oj6sqhb3ma 
 we are going to have a wild time in alabama tonight! finally the silent majority is back! http://t.co/vj8vho1ro7 
 how crazy - 7.5% of all births in u.s. are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year. this must stop. unaffordable and not right 
 jeb bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies" offensive. now he wants to use it because i use it. stay true to yourself 
 alabama will shine tomorrow. it will be a big and glorious day 
 we are going to make our country so strong again so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again 
 @tomllamasabc cannot report the news truthfully. why not apologize for your fraudulent story on world news tonight.gang members &amp; criminals 
 @abcpolitics must apologize. my statement "we're going to get them out so fast so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. lie 
 behind the scenes video with uncle sam (eagle’s name) and me.https://t.co/poxbchdhbd 
 had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @time photo shoot. http://t.co/goloylerzz 
 on the cover of @time magazine—a great honor! http://t.co/zlehp49ops 
 thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again! http://t.co/ovxqmw4kob 
 another great poll result! thank you! http://t.co/lomirpfliz 
 just got back from new hampshire. amazing people we all had a great time together 
 will be in new hampshire and then on @cnn special at 9 pm tonight 
 my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 -- it is selling fast 
 @marksteynonline - thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight 
 i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow. the silent majority is taking our country back. we will make america great again 
 my h-1b reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country not lobbyists &amp; will have bipartisan support: http://t.co/xday480qfv 
 if i am elected president i will immediately approve the keystone xl pipeline.  no impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for u.s 
 @jasondhorowitz  i am very proud of my sister your story was terrific. thank you so much 
 our online campaign store is open! visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 for #makeamericagreatagain merchandise including my signature hat 
 when foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the u.s. they should not be thrown out of our country 
 i want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. silicon valley needs engineers etc 
 it does matter! https://t.co/sdfmhgneaf 
 my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit http://t.co/3kwol2ibaw --- it is selling fast 
 listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to jury duty. fantastic show terrific guy 
 why does @foxnews keep george will as a talking head? wrong on so many subjects 
 the polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! http://t.co/wzinnsvzx2 
 i really enjoyed being at the iowa state fair. the crowds love and enthusiasm is something i will never forget 
 @nicolledwallace  your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore you must be good 
 just got back from the iowa state fair. record crowds phenomenal people. thank you iowa i will never let you down 
 live on #periscope: good morning iowa! let's #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  https://t.co/zslkmck0tw 
 in the plane heading to iowa state fair. will be great fun. hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids 
 making speech tonight in new hampshire - leaving now. fantastic people fantastic crowd 
 @ap and @huffingtonpost should change their fraudulent story to say that i dropped @nbc &amp; the apprentice to run for president 
 people don’t understand that i left the apprentice to run for pres—the apprentice did not leave me. bob greenblatt &amp; folks @nbc were great 
 our campaign store is officially open! visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise 
 not under my watch- https://t.co/cju8e0y0xj 
 our online campaign store is officially open! visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise 
 my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 --- it is selling fast 
 the #irandeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make iran a force like never before 
 will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree 
 our online store is officially open! visit http://t.co/3zyiiyws87 to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise 
 @sentedcruz had a very good debate far better than rand paul 
 @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. better luck tomorrow 
 why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan 
 we must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. rampant problems will only get worse. take back our country 
 truly weird senator rand paul of kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. he was terrible at debate 
 again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. get them out and build a wall 
 @katrinacampins thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on tv. also keep up the great work 
 @brandenroderick i was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.i'm not surprised you're a special person 
 @omarosa you were fantastic on television this weekend. thank you so much – you are a loyal friend 
 frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @kathielgifford. what a couple! http://t.co/2mzln3uo94 
 enough is enough- no more bushes! https://t.co/0k0y0pgbhc 
 roger ailes just called. he is a great guy &amp; assures me that trump will be treated fairly on @foxnews. his word is always good 
 oh really check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @howardstern show 5 years ago--i am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8hg7f5q2je 
 @kathielgifford melania  and i send our deepest condolences. frank was a special and amazing person. he will be missed by all 
 i will be interviewed on @today show at 7:00 a.m. and on morning joe at 7:20 
 wonderful frank gifford has just passed away at age 84. he was my friend and a truly great guy! warmest condolences to family 
 it amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @foxnews. i brought them the biggest ratings in history &amp; i get zip 
 i just realized that if you listen to carly fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache. she has zero chance 
 small crowds at @redstate today in atlanta. people were very angry at ewerickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money 
 almost universal support that "trump won the debate." only @foxnews is consistantly fighting the trump win and i got them the ratings 
 wow cnn just said that donald trump won the debate connected best with audience. also time drudge newsmax n.y.times and more 
 @redstate i miss you all and thanks for all of your support. political correctness is killing our country. "weakness." 
 re megyn kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever" (nose). just got on w/thought 
 so many "politically correct" fools in our country. we have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense 
 the hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say trump easily won debate 
 dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @foxnews 
 @foxnews you should be ashamed of yourself. i got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad 
 via bloomberg: fox news couldn't kill trump's momentum made him stronger @foxnews @business  http://t.co/rwpzteoc6j 
 @time poll: @realdonaldtrump winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @realbencarson 10% @johnkasich http://t.co/mzr62luvwq 
 i really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @foxnews trio especially @megynkelly was not very good or professional 
 @frankluntz your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. don't come to my office looking for business again. you are a clown 
 wow @megynkelly really bombed tonight. people are going wild on twitter! funny to watch 
 @frankluntz i won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @drudge_report &amp; @time  so where did you find that dumb panel 
 @frankluntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and i had zero interest. now he picks anti-trump panels 
 wow! what a great honor from @drudge_report http://t.co/fokcasbvun 
 thank you @time readers- a great honor! http://t.co/2krx2tbets 
 #makeamericagreatagain #gopdebate http://t.co/snrr9yzmou 
 wow! what a great honor from @drudge_report http://t.co/fokcasbvun 
 just arrived for the #gopdebate #makeamericagreatagain http://t.co/rq8lzhghyj 
 i look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making america great again. it can happen 
 @realbobmassi who does a show called "bob massi is the property man" on @foxnews really knows his stuff--a total pro 
 "amymek  amen! @realdonaldtrump has drawn more attention to veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!" 
 wow! such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! https://t.co/lo14es9clp 
 poll: trump leads gop field among hispanics records 34% favorability  http://t.co/aanybghvcv 
 thank you. https://t.co/ua1lz0eoao 
 thanks.  https://t.co/6g7hvhrtiy 
 do you notice that hillary spews out jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? she knows trump is her worst nightmare 
 many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well 
 i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 8 pm and 11 pm 
 "92-year-old registers to vote for first time says will vote for trump"      http://t.co/cktmtsaiy2 
 thank you @gawker! call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message 
 diligence is the mother of good luck. -- benjamin franklin 
 will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:3o. enjoy 
 thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. a lot of progress is being made 
 my #gopdebate @facebook question for the other candidates- http://t.co/3aslozydlx 
 we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  albert einstein 
 new poll shows donald trump blowing everyone else out of the water. http://t.co/savtgaswcl 
 it came out that huma abedin knows all about hillary’s private illegal emails. huma’s pr husband anthony weiner will tell the world 
 @jrprotalker thanks judy for the wonderful statements on @trumpturnberry. great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary 
 @dottieandbogey thanks for nice comments over weekend re turnberry. you and your husband have fantastic taste! also great commentary 
 despite the false @nytimes story about jeb bush being happy with the trump surge he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable 
 wow did the @nytimes fall into the bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that i was hurting other candidates &amp; not him 
 bush is pretending that the "trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting bush "delight" - con job a bush nightmare 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. enjoy 
 i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc. from the koch brothers. puppets 
 watch my interview with @ericbolling on @foxnews today at 11:30am et 
 if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- henry ford 
 wow some new and even greater polls--thank you 
 will be leaving trump turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; women's british open are great. will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @turnberrybuzz 
 should not raise taxes in wisconsin but massive budget deficit. education roads etc suffering. @danhenninger lies. @wsj 
 thank you for your service!  https://t.co/xbj47fuxc0 
 thank you.  https://t.co/bbd9dewjbq 
 the polls have been consistently great. the silent majority is speaking. politicians are failing. #makeamericagreatagain 
 i look forward to the debate on thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates 
 just at a news conference from trump turnberry in scotland. everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. back on trail saturday 
 carl cameron @foxnews is the only reporter i know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. he has been so wrong &amp; he hates it 
 getting ready to leave for my great resort turnberry in scotland. hosting the women's british open (biggest tournament). will be back sat 
 i really like the koch brothers (members of my p.b. club) but i don't want their money or anything else from them. cannot influence trump 
 thank you. https://t.co/oratmdizqe 
 people like lawyer elizabeth beck and failed writer harry hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy 
 how can a dummy dope like harry hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me be on tv discussing trump 
 trump will make america great!!!!  #changetheworldin5words 
  while tom brady is guilty because he replaced his legal cellphone 
 per @rushlimbaugh: why does hillary clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she destroys her illegal email server)  
 via @saintpetersblog by @mitcheperry: shock poll: donald trump leads jeb bush 26-20% … in florida http://t.co/49iae1nlm7 
 this is an outrage! bias-free language guide claims the word 'american' is 'problematic' -- what?!  http://t.co/vkz8a0icgs 
 i truly love all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. there is a great silent majority looming 
 thank you @morning_joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing daily beast off the air. really cool 
 so many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over t.v. and the media as though they have great d.j.t. insight. know nothing 
 @cnn  why is somebody (beck) i beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on donald trump (all over television). she knows nothing about me 
 cnn &amp; @cnnpolitics  lawyer elizabeth beck did a terrible job against me she lost (i even got legal fees). i loved beating hershe was easy 
 lawyer elizabeth beck was easy for me to beat. ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. got total win and legal fees 
 @cnn &amp; @cnnpolitics did not say that lawyer beck lost the case and i got legal fees. also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep 
 public policy polling (ppp) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with hispanics - leading all republican candidates.told you so 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: "trump: obama shouldn’t attack americans overseas hillary’s email was ‘criminal" http://t.co/bwrhxt50sy 
 a nation without borders is not a nation at all. we must have a wall. the rule of law matters. jeb just doesn’t get it 
 while i’m beating my opponents in the polls i’m also beating lobbyists special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions 
 government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives. – ronald reagan 
 we can make washington work for us. it’s time for real leadership. let’s #makeamericagreatagain!  https://t.co/u25yi6aivg 
 obama’s nuclear deal with the iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the middle east. it has to be stopped 
 via @limbaugh: trump doubled down -- and it worked http://t.co/91i6fwwxgf 
 @marklevinshow: ‘plunder and deceit’  http://t.co/dq4ohpt227 via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1 
 via cnsnews by @sjonescns: trump explains his appeal: 'people are tired...of these incompetent politicians' http://t.co/y36eqige5a 
 #irandeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader 
 via @politico by poll: trump has twice the support of bush in new hampshire  http://t.co/aehitqezlq 
 my @foxnews int. with @seanhannity on obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making america great again! http://t.co/rqp6mnnr7h 
 we must protect our veterans. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/erwkxzvgpp 
 thank you @mcuban for your nice words. i am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!   https://t.co/slxkch9qfg 
 after all is said and done more is said than done. -- aesop 
 @thebrodyfile was fantastic tonight on @cnn. thank you we will make america great again 
 thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @cnn. great energy and smarts! i will not let you down 
 will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. there is so much to talk about 
 boston's mayor walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the olympics and then he gave up. i don't want him negotiating for me 
 i’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 pm and look forward to it. lots to discuss!  enjoy 
 be in turnberry on thurs am for start of women's british open one of  world's great golf tournaments. back soon to #makeamericagreatagain 
 i own turnberry in scotland one of great resorts in world. women’s british open there this week. i’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail 
 @governorsununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in nh forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% https://t.co/wsa3jnjhwa 
 thanks lou. https://t.co/hdm7mrrwtd 
 veterans please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the va 
 we must build a wall to secure our border. it will save lives and help make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 iowans drawn to donald trump praise his antiestablishment bent http://t.co/nyyk3dbxd5 via @wsj by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein 
 via @nytpolitics by @ashleyrparker: strong showings for donald trump in iowa and new hampshire polls http://t.co/uaruxlir8b 
 thanks. https://t.co/xu5h2bwojr 
 @steverattner while i think you should have gone to prison for what you did i guess obama saved you. but watch – i will win 
 when people find out how bad a job scott walker has done in wi they won’t be voting for him. massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess 
 great news i’m now leading in most polls w/ new cnn poll also having me #1. nbc i am #1 in nh by a lot #2 in iowa close &amp; gaining 
 thank you greta.  https://t.co/cwqzlibv78 
 thank you wayne root -- we will #makeamericagreatagain!http://t.co/l3ckiedz2x 
 @scottwalker is a nice guy but not presidential material. wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc 
 always great to speak with veterans - our nation's heroes. we will make america great again! http://t.co/p58agmmbwy 
 great success in iowa today. fantastic sold out crowd. will be back soon 
 packed venue of people who want to #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/wiszrvampr 
 supporters waiting to hear me speak in oskaloosa iowa. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/qeueu8cdwo 
 @scottwalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart 
 @shawnjohnson congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. you are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple 
 @macy’s is a big contributor to @ppfa . anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macy’s 
 isn't it funny that i am now #1 in the money losing @huffingtonpost (poll) and by a big margin. dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled 
 the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie 
 big poll just out by @theeconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. a great honor but we have a long way to go to make america great again 
 getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day 
 via @breitbartnews by @noltenc: "donald trump surges to commanding lead in post-mccain backlash poll" http://t.co/ovl90hm1kn 
 isn’t it amazing that @macys paid a massive fine for profiling african americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration 
 thank you @dennisrodman.  it's time to #makeamericagreatagain! i hope you are doing well! https://t.co/h7d2zlmod2 
 @marklevinshow has written a great book plunder and deceit. he powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. read it 
 true! https://t.co/zui0qyycaq 
 true thanks. https://t.co/xd2hlcobgo 
 it is time to send someone from the outside to fix dc from the inside. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book american hunter 
 from an amazing day on the border in laredo. https://t.co/vicdmjuijv 
 arriving to check out the border. https://t.co/nzmekl3siw 
 i love bluffton sc what a great place -- what great people 
 dc has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. we can’t send another politician to the white house https://t.co/u25yi6aivg 
 when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence 
 @williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. you were great and i appreciate the nice statements. i’m sending out for your new book now 
 great read:  how new york's veterans day parade became 'america's parade' http://t.co/puyql4crg3 
 true. https://t.co/kbdtazxezg 
 thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in lafayette louisiana this evening 
 you’re just not getting there @danaperino. sometimes things just don’t work out but don’t worry--- no problem 
 @bobbyjindal watched you on @teamcavuto. made some excellent points. best wishes 
 great! https://t.co/ffzhwlufzf 
 thanks.  https://t.co/cd3syvgkfj 
 true! https://t.co/sedzvjuhgy 
 getting ready to lift off for laredo. will land at 1:oo p.m. should be exciting and informative 
 @billkristol   bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back trump. country will soar 
 what a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads liketim o'brien-dumb guy with no clue 
 boycott @macys no guts no glory. besides there are far better stores 
 @ac360  has the absolutely worst anti-trump talking heads on his show. dopey writer o'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. a waste 
 @tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. i am going to the border tomorrow 
 @frankluntz knows nothing about me or my religion. came to my office looking for work. i had no interest. i will save the vets 
 via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: "brody file exclusive: donald trump comes out in support of 20 week abortion ban" http://t.co/xphdh74oxf 
 it's going to take an outsider to clean up after clinton bush and obama. let's make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 let’s trump the establishment! we are no longer silent. we will make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi6aivg 
 shouldn’t george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker 
 will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @cnn tonight. let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy 
 obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases gun free zones! it has to stop. military lives matter 
 donald trump on va woes: ‘i’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting trump elected’ http://t.co/jpqybbn6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski 
 via @ breitbartnews by @bobpricebbtx: donald trump heading to texas border http://t.co/xcxp1l8s5e 
 thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @nbcnightlynews. very fair -- we are making progress together 
 i'm going to the border tomorrow. will be seeing some really brave people. look forward to a big day 
 @governorperry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. hypocrite! https://t.co/axpavsleqx 
 true thanks. https://t.co/xqlrporcwt 
 i hear a failing new york newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. so original - just one of many 
 great day today in south carolina. fantastic capacity crowd amazing people 
 via @gatewaypundit: mother of murdered teen thanks donald trump during senate hearing http://t.co/uqrccwmjhq 
 my response to the failing des moines register the ultra liberal paper that has no power in iowa https://t.co/4beaw1sdzu 
 i'm glad president obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. it's about time 
 flags to be flown at half-staff at all trump properties in honor of the five fallen soldiers-http://t.co/bgkmj8tu67 
 response to the des moines register- http://t.co/krftgdphn4 
 via @ap by @kronayne &amp; @colvinj: "disavowed by gop leaders trump has supporters cheering"http://t.co/xfgpmretkv 
 @zachjohnsonpga  you're one of the truly great competitiors. i’ve said it for years. great going winning @openchampionship - not surprised 
 @breitbartnews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  http://t.co/lb3pbln3u0 thanks to steve bannon &amp; real reporters 
 rick perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. he should be ashamed of himself. gov. abbott has since been terrific 
 good luck to my new friends on your testimony in dc. you are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration 
 just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  thank you we will all make america great again 
 wow new @abcnews/@washingtonpost @gop preference poll has donaldtrump 11 points up! thank you 
 i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc 
 look how small the pages have become @wsj. looks like a tabloid—saving money i assume 
 this story is no longer about john mccain it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans 
 it was only after i informed nbc that i wouldn't do the apprentice that they became upset w/ me. they couldn’t care less about inclusion" 
 " @johnjcarp61  at least we're talking about the #va! we weren't a month ago! @realdonaldtrump @johnmccain" 
 we will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans 
 the ever dwindling @wsj which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically. who cares 
 my @usatopinion piece: "trump: i don't need to be lectured" http://t.co/lueyqhgrr9 
 i will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  make america great again 
 the republican party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times 
 a true piece about the standing ovations i got yesterday http://t.co/epllsbwgbe 
 the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk 
 john mccain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in phoenix. he owes apology 
 wow @sharylattkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what i said about john mccain https://t.co/p1dxtmecmq 
 one of the reasons i am no fan of john mccain is that our vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. i will fix va quickly 
 via @fitsnews: donald trump: john mccain is ‘a loser’ http://t.co/sgietvduqi 
 why would anybody listen to @mittromney? he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama. by the wayso did john mccain 
 congrats to the new gov. of texas @gregabbott_tx for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. should have been done long ago by perry 
 i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept 
 that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care 
 it's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our veterans 
 i will make this right for our great vets 
 all he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything 
 john mccain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for veterans to successfully manage their lives 
 the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years 
 captured or not all our soldiers are heroes 
 in addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our vets john mccain let us down by losing to barack obama in his run for president 
 just left family leadership summit in iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. i will be back soon 
 statement on john mccain- http://t.co/nh0rjpeunl 
 i am now in iowa getting ready to speak. people are always amazed to find out that i am protestant (presbyterian). great 
 the $10 billion (net worth) is after all debt and liabilities. so simple to understand but @cnn &amp; @cnnpolitics is just plain dumb 
 ratings starved @cnn and @cnnpolitics does not cover me accurately. why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard 
 made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd. great spirit and amazing people. make america great again 
 it's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @huffingtonpost post crazy that i am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me 
 the liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @huffingtonpost to cover me as enterainment. i am #1 in huff post poll 
 @genesimmons amazing! thank you.  http://t.co/kcp39adnvr 
 @genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! i won’t forget 
 response to huffington post- http://t.co/wxwqwhigoo 
 via @tpinsidr http://t.co/8habr989yw 
 via @washtimes by @dsherfinski http://t.co/hvnre2xvww 
 via @breitbartnews- http://t.co/ikp5dsd5ny 
 god's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now. - @franklin_graham 
 donald trump was proven right on another one of his top issues thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases. http://t.co/x1swurw8l1 
 via @ap march2013: jeb said he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants http://t.co/zeekcfxroe lying on campaign trail 
 we will no longer be silent. we can take our country back! let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi6aivg 
 military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop 
 looking forward to speaking at the @argop reagan-rockefeller dinner tonight! record crowd. we are no longer silent! #makeamericagreatagain 
 i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night! @hillaryclinton had 68. the #silentmajority is fed up with what is going on in america 
 get rid of gun free zones. the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. they were highly trained but helpless without guns 
 thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today 
 @governorperry failed on the border. he should be forced to take an iq test before being allowed to enter the gop debate 
 @governorperry just gave a pollster quote on me. he doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means 
 @senjohnmccain should be defeated in the primaries. graduated last in his class at annapolis--dummy 
 the thousands of people that showed up for me in phoenix were amazing americans. @senjohnmccain called them "crazies"--must apologize 
 cnn: "new gop polls show trump's favorability is up" http://t.co/lebojst9da@michaelcohen212 
 no government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. so governments' programs once launched never disappear. – ronald reagan 
 more bush cronyism – jeb bush and the common core money trail  http://t.co/sbehmuqjak it’s the bush way 
 we need leaders who can negotiate great deals for americans. it is common sense. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 leaving for new hampshire now. making a speech—packed house.  love it 
 the iran deal poses a direct national security threat. it must be stopped in congress. stand up republicans 
 the worst show in las vegas in my opinion is @pennjillette. hokey garbage. new york show even worse 
 dopey @lawrence o’donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my apprentice $ numbers were wrong. he is a fool 
 no deal is better than a bad deal. america out negotiated again.  #iran 
 flashback – donald trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastor’s freedom in iran"  http://t.co/awcvndzyry via @theblaze’ 
 via @time by @zekejmiller: trump talks politics at his virginia winery http://t.co/h3eic4mgu3 
 via @fsmtweet: trump is right: illegal alien crime is staggering in scope and savagery http://t.co/najlkku1ze 
 30000 macy’s customers retaliate in support of donald trump  http://t.co/vl4ifakxrt via @breitbartnews by @aswoyer 
 is this true about univision and fusion? wow!?!  http://t.co/y7nd9bzibp 
 via @breitbartnews by steve bannon: ‘time to get tough’: trump’s blockbuster policy manifesto http://t.co/rrrd7akfed 
 they are great people! https://t.co/7rtinwz1a8 
 thank you. https://t.co/ignidsqlfz 
 @karlrove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @foxnews 
 @foxnews you shouldn’t have @karlrove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a bushy 
 @bradsteinle great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact 
 @andydean2014 thank you you were great. you can defend me anytime. amazing job 
 i hope the boycott of @macys continues forever. so many people are cutting up their cards. macy's stores suck and they are bad for u.s.a 
 i loved firing goofball atheist penn @pennjillette on the apprentice. he never had a chance. wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness 
 i hear @pennjillette show on broadway is terrible. not surprised boring guy (penn). without the apprentice  show would have died long ago 
 irrelevant clown @karlrove sweats and shakes nervously on @foxnews as he talks "bull" about me. has zero cred. made fool of himself in '12 
 thank you piers. https://t.co/uh6h74qshv 
 @stephenbaldwin7 you were fabulous on cnn last night--i greatly appreciate your support.  best wishes 
 ".@polititrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on twitter with 79352 mentions today (via http://t.co/nexlcvb8ml )" 
 @foxnews should not put @karlrove on—he has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong 
 why do people listen to clown @karlrove on @foxnews? spent $430m &amp; lost all races—a bushy 
 @bradsteinle thank you for yr wonderful tweet of july 4. i wanted a little time to go by before calling. your sister &amp; family are amazing 
 via the hill: trump tops national poll for second straight week  http://t.co/s6nxfqdsqs 
 we are no longer silent. we are energized &amp; ready to take our country back. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 getting ready to land in charlottesville virginia at trump vineyards another job producing development that i bought and made amazing 
 who do you want negotiating for us? https://t.co/waslyxbg1j 
 response to hillary clinton- http://t.co/nzyfehyura 
 i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate steinle.come on pres-make call 
 a nation without borders is no nation at all. we must build a wall. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 matt harvey @mets -- don't let the @nydailynews get you down---nobody reads it. play well 
 ford is moving jobs from michigan to mexico again! http://t.co/tgvq1458aj as president this will stop on day one! jobs will stay here 
 let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. it's time he has paid a big and very long price 
 i am so happy that people are boycotting macy's http://t.co/qtmaebevy8 
 very nice - @huffingtonpost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and bush second at 14% http://t.co/ixcbctduip 
 i absolutely support kate’s law—in honor of the beautiful kate steinle who was gunned down in sf by an illegal immigrant 
 rush limbaugh: "trump has changed the entire debate on immigration" http://t.co/894axjrxdn 
 have some fun with this- https://t.co/j59rw8tqqx 
 el chapo comes to the u.s. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has ca drivers license. http://t.co/e7ua3eyp5o 
 mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with el chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. u.s. paid them $3 billion 
 the joke around town is that i freed el chapo from the mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security 
 @mclaughlingroup greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. people of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez 
 isn’t it interesting that now that i’m #1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old 
 when will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement "mexico is sending...." which turned out to be true?  el chapo 
 likewise billions of dollars gets brought into mexico    through the border. we get the killers drugs &amp; crime they get the money 
 el chapo and the mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the u.s 
 the u.s. will invite el chapo the mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a u.s. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no 
 but that's what i've been saying. very unfair treatment by the media 
 now that the mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the u.s. comes over border 
 i hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved meet the press? i can't imagine what is taking so long 
 trump however would kick his ass 
 can you envision jeb bush or hillary clinton negotiating with 'el chapo' the mexican drug lord who escaped from prison?  
 sleep eyes @chucktodd is killing meet the press. isn't he pathetic? love watching him fail 
 mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. unbelievable corruption and usa is paying the price.  i told you so 
 phoenix convention center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in. a great day 
 convention center officials in phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15000 people in 4000 code room 
 via @breitbartnews by @awrhawkins: "trump preaches peace through strength in phoenix" http://t.co/hcu2t8tfp2 
 i will not be able to attend the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am campaigning in phoenix. wishing all well 
 legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let's make america great again! http://t.co/i5cybmr0mf 
 great @anhqdc segment with @charleshurt: "breaking down the trump factor" http://t.co/pio4yhpjlp let's make america great again 
 today i am standing with patriots in arizona for border security! build a wall! let's make america great again! https://t.co/ve6ixqxqfb 
 today i will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in arizona for border security! let's make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @cnnpolitics by @mj_lee: "father of murder victim to introduce trump in phoenix" http://t.co/jzuig1cmeb 
 getting ready to go to las vegas (freedom fest) - great crowd. then on to amazing phoenix - that will be a total happening! love america 
 boycott @macys and @univision. make america great again 
 has anyone seen the financials of @univision. they are doing really badly. too much debt and not enough viewers. need money fast. funny 
 the republicans who want to cut ss &amp; medicaid are wrong. a robust economy will make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: donald trump to brody file in 2011: people send me bibles http://t.co/5qwk3ggbib 
 a strong military will stop wars. peace through strength! let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 tone it down? no way! donald trump needs to crank up the volume http://t.co/3qsuvraf6f via @foxnews by @toddstarnes 
 i love that thousands of people are boycotting @macys and cutting up credit cards. no guts no glory. this really backfired - love it 
 look forward to being in phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. hottest ticket in entire country. was supposed to be 500 people now many thousands 
 standing with jamiel shaw sabine durdin don rosenberg lupe moreno brenda sparks robin hvidston &amp; their spouses. http://t.co/x67cf765jq 
 our biggest problems are solved by growth. we need a president who is a job creator. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 http://t.co/ptviayro4a 
 laura--massive crowd had to move to phoenix convention center. https://t.co/76fqcecdbd 
 via @nypost by @geoffearle: polls show ‘president trump’ may not be so far-fetched http://t.co/c3v63rb9pd 
 i want to #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/sreps1nviq 
 jeb bush just announced he raised over $100m. everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of america 
 iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. time to walk and double the sanctions. stop payments 
 via @trscoop: "whoa: trump changing venues for saturday rally in arizona due to overwhelming response" http://t.co/nryps8apxa 
 breaking - border security rally in phoenix az at 2pm mst has been moved to @phoenixconvctr! build a wall! let's make america great again 
 i'm on @cnn's @ac360 tonight @8pm &amp; @foxnews' @seanhannity @ 10pm discussing immigration and lots of other things.#letsmakeamericagreatagain 
 via @cnnpolitics by @jdiamond1: trump: rnc call was 'congratulatory'http://t.co/9zhikibqw5 
 "exclusive — donald trump on the gop primary: ‘if i win i will beat hillary’" http://t.co/wlz13nyels via @breitbartnews by katie mchugh 
 via @breitbartnews by katie mchugh:"poll: donald trump leads the pack as gop frontrunner" http://t.co/qhp8czpm5q 
 obama and republicans are hollowing out our military. now want to cut troop levels. lowest level in over 20 years 
 the elites want common core so they can take education out of parental control. no! let's make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 true thanks.  https://t.co/k0ixfl6nxk 
 thanks. https://t.co/ewjfwyic4c 
 trump battles the new totalitarians: gop elites join with leftists at media matters in targeting threat to both http://t.co/vd9faovcjr 
 via trump: hillary presidency will cause ‘crime wave like you’ve never seen’ http://t.co/ctnllwl1z4 via @breitbartnews 
 @limbaugh: 'trump has changed the entire debate on immigration'  http://t.co/894axjrxdn via @newsmax_media by jason devaney 
 why does a failed magazine like @forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? their circulation way down. @clare_oc 
 dummy @clare_oc @forbes: tiny fragrance deal with parlux means nothing. still sold at trump tower 
 dummy @clare_oc from failing @forbes magazine: nascar deal was 1 nite ballroom espn was small golf outing 
 dummy writer @clare_oc from failing @forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important… 
 via @ewerickson: stop complaining about donald trump http://t.co/cwx8ga5dtz 
 watched chief negotiator for iran on @charlierose last night. he is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk 
 totally false reporting on my call with @reince priebus. he called me ten minutes said i hit a nerve" doing well end 
 you mean george bush sends our soldiers into combat they are severely wounded and then he wants $120000 to make a boring speech to them 
 jeb's brother george insisted on a $100000 fee and $20000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. not nice 
 do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best republican field in 35 years. what a dope 
 via @dailycaller by @samsondunn: pastor to hispanic congregation speaks out on trump immigrant crime statement http://t.co/rfwcq7wcjf 
 via @mrctv by ben graham: "border reports back up trump's 'rapists' claim" http://t.co/4ucpdss8qk 
 thank you @brentbozell --- as you know i have been saying this for a long time http://t.co/4ucpdss8qk 
 via @businessinsider by @hunterw: trump unloads: hillary clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad' http://t.co/lpgslczakp 
 via @ammoland by fredy riehl: donald trump talks: gun control assault weapons gun free zones &amp; self defense http://t.co/elavfvs6zm 
 dear @maraliasson i greatly appreciate your fairness. my history shows i never disappoint. looking forward to meeting you soon 
 @natalie_gulbis  thank you for your support this morning on @golfchannel. even more importantly play well this week! say hi to all 
 @ronsirak thank you for being so fair this morning on @golfchannel—greatly appreciated 
 via @newsmax_media by @chrisruddynmx: "donald trump and the end of free speech" http://t.co/xu36opl7zl 
 i will be in california this weekend making a speech for clint eastwood. then to arizona and vegas. big crowds. discussing illegals &amp; more 
 we must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. a small business boom. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @limbaugh: see trump told you so http://t.co/atsx4mdcgl 
 rubio’s gang of 8 bill would have rewarded sanctuary cities harboring illegals http://t.co/on0rucv4mg marco is a politician-he flip flops 
 must read-"it's time people listened to trump' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" http://t.co/7hs5rn8qb7 secure the border 
 wow! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @macys credit card. that's great. #makeamericagreatagain 
 @anncoulter u were great last nite @ericbolling on fox. our country has become a dumping ground for the world--i'll get it to stop &amp; fast 
 people rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for mitt romney. if i can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide 
 we have got to take our country back. it's time 
 thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into us 
 i said simply that the mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to u.s 
 thank you @loudobbsnews i will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show 
 it is time to create jobs for americans not d.c. we need a bold new direction. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 flashback – jeb bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of love http://t.co/p8yfzvuw8w he will never secure the border 
 jeb bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for american workers. jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems 
 i appreciate the gop candidates who remain strong on border security. they know i am right. a nation without borders cannot survive 
 rick perry failed at the border. now he is critical of me. he needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants 
 miss universe paulina vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crown-hypocrite 
 via @breitbartnews: "game on: trump responds to jeb" http://t.co/whpr1m7ffz 
 why would republican candidates want the support of mitt romney. he lost an election against obama that should never have been lost 
 what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in san fran. get smart 
 happy 4th of july to everyone!  make america great again 
 i will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. enjoy 
 via @cnnpolitics by @teddyschleifer: "trump: san francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" http://t.co/wj872prco5 
 @thejuanwilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when i saw you at fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. please share pic 
 @marcorubio what do you say to the family of kathryn steinle in ca who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? stand up for us 
 where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border http://t.co/amav7tqgar we need a wall 
 my heartfelt condolences to the family of kathryn steinle. very very sad 
 our southern border is unsecure. i am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. http://t.co/ujz3jeniyo 
 our southern border is totally out of control. this is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.http://t.co/ujz3jeniyo we need border security 
 via @nro by @joelmentum: matchless name recognition and deep pockets make trump a threat in iowa http://t.co/wg3ebcdypo 
 we need jobs &amp; we need them fast. i am a job creator. none of the pols can or will. let's make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @dailycaller by @rpollockdc: nyc mayor action against donald trump is ‘not the american way’ http://t.co/snv1yxvs4p 
 "a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - president ronald reagan 
 wow huffington post just stated that i am number 1 in the polls of republican candidates. thank you but the work has just begun 
 mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the u.s. mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. wake up 
 as governor of texas rick perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's o.k. i like him anyway!  @governorperry 
 it is time to bring competence to washington. it is time get results. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi6aivg 
 obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with iran. our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. double the sanctions 
 a country must enforce its borders. respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. we must build a wall! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 new orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  http://t.co/rd1bluzyrn time for fair trade. stop tpp 
 via @redstate by @ewerickson: always play on offense http://t.co/mf3ojumjp3 
 new jobs report: 432000 left workforce manufacturing &amp; durable goods go - http://t.co/rd1bluzyrn we need leaders who understand business 
 trump declares victory on immigration as obama admits some illegals are ‘gang bangers’ http://t.co/e0hlxf1ds2 via @breitbartnews @aswoyer 
 great article by @richlowry on @politicomag : sorry donald trump has a point http://t.co/5irmxjjpwk 
 via huffington post "congrats america! donald trump is now a 2016 presidential front-runner" http://t.co/x1yyz7x002 by igor bobic 
 via world tribune "the elites' problem with donald trump: he's not for sale" by jeffrey t. kuhner http://t.co/ez08iprqh1 
 via @trscoop: mark levin defends trump: hillary clinton is a crook and a fraud and she’s not treated this way! http://t.co/mdu0pvtthi 
 nbc fires trump keeps sharpton: the bigots of the nbc executive suite look the other way http://t.co/efqk8cbbtr via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1 
 trump gives 'em hell http://t.co/dd53i0pexw via @limbaugh 
 why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @macys for racial profiling? terrible hypocrites 
 @macys stock just dropped. interesting. so many people calling to say they are cutting up their @macys credit card. thank you 
 make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. even president obama agrees- https://t.co/ockfufgspu 
 look what the president of nbc sent me recently about his stay in my las vegas hotel. very loyal guy. https://t.co/j9bsbc1wen 
 who is @macys to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? paid big fine 
 interesting that @macys criticized me but just paid $650000 in fines for racial profiling. are they racists 
 @governorpataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t 
 @governorpataki was a terrible governor of ny one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again 
 @andersoncooper  anderson—thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. greatly appreciated 
 for all of those who want to #makeamericagreatagain boycott @macys. they are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration 
 those who believe in tight border security stopping illegal immigration &amp;  smart trade deals w/other countries should boycott @macys 
 my recent statement re: @macys -- we must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… https://t.co/hlcbormtbl 
 get ready for @oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting 
 via @thesharktank1: "donald trump's controversial mexican comments are accurate" http://t.co/nyl2qqmwkz 
 my just filed lawsuit against univision. always fight back when right. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/ies96yzseg 
 watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm 
 @tedcruz now i know you're smart! see you soon. http://t.co/vzvhba1tar#tcot #makeamericagreatagain 
 thank you ted. https://t.co/mvuzsan6ru 
 i love the mexican people but mexico is not our friend. they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. fight 
 we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. without that we do not have a country. also mexico is killing u.s. on trade. win 
 statement on relationship with nbc- https://t.co/bpczgaigwq 
 speaking at the city club of chicago. sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… https://t.co/7skav05hna 
 via @jnsworldnews by @jacobkamarasjns:  "donald trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to israel"http://t.co/o4yhtwczbm 
 remember univision apologized 
 saudi arabia should be paying the united states many billions of dollars for our defense of them. without us gone!  @alwaleedbint 
 @jorgeramosnews please send me your new number your old one’s not working. sincerely donald j. trump 
 univision apologized to me but i will not accept their apology. i will be suing them for a lot of money. miss u.s.a. contestants are hurt 
 @nydailynews the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown mort zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because i sell. my honor but it is dead 
 see story in fusion and huff. post about rape at the border. beyond terrible! isn't fusion owned by univision 
 via @thehill by @martinmatishak: trump: ‘we look like we’re beggars’ in iran nuclear talks http://t.co/z8rpcnugn1 
 will be in chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon 
 addressing record crowd @ madison county iowa gop dinner. we can bring common sense to dc &amp; make america great again! http://t.co/mi7j7xdzoy 
 must read article via @fitsnews: "donald trump versus mexico" http://t.co/tdjtvtb6nb 
 a great article by @noltencspelling out the truth on mexico trade the border &amp; illegals. thank you @breitbartnews http://t.co/ojnv2oxcec 
 i'll be in iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. the word is getting out make america great again 
 the leader and negotiators representing mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the u.s. 
 only very stupid people think that the united states is making good trade deals with mexico.mexico is killing us at the border and at trade 
 @billmaher: bill you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "trump" - actually you always knew 
 when you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option 
 when somebody challenges you unfairly fight back - be brutal be tough - don't take it. it is always important to win 
 letter to @univision - re: @trumpdoral https://t.co/6maucmg6uo 
 if i win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike bush's appointee john roberts on obamacare 
 @univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the u.s.  are they controlled by the mexican government 
 anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the us should boycott @univision 
 once again the bush appointed  supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember 
 i love mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the us so stupidly makes with them. really bad for us jobs only good for mexico 
 univision wants to back out of signed @missuniverse contract because i exposed the terrible trade deals that the u.s. makes with mexico 
 mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. forcing univision to get me to stop- no way 
 governor rick scott of florida did really poorly on television this morning. i hope he is o.k 
 i hear that dopey political pundit lawrence o'donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his show-no ratings?too bad 
 we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the u.s.a. it can happen 
 my message make america great again is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our vets 
 my daughter ivanka did great tonight in new hampshire. the sold out crowd loved her and she loved them. thanks ivanka 
 @whoopigoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than nicole wallace who doesn't have a clue. the show is close to death 
 the ratings for the view are really low. nicole wallace and molly sims are a disaster. get new cast or just put it to  sleep. dead t.v 
 i am really beginning to respect mark halperin and john heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "trump" poll numbers are high 
 just out the new nationwide @foxnews poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind jeb bush-but bush will never make america great again 
 uncomfortable looking nbc reporter willie geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers 
 @neilyoung’s song rockin’ in the free world was just one of 10 songs used as background music. didn’t love it anyway 
 for the nonbeliever here is a photo of @neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. http://t.co/xm4bjvetia 
 @neilyoung a few months ago neil young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. wow 
 my daughter ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester nh  #makeamericagreatagain 
 thank you.  https://t.co/h8zxlh6ncd 
 politician @senatorcardin didn't like that i said baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. it's politicians like cardin that have destroyed baltimore 
 the highly respected suffolk university poll just announced that i am alone in 2nd place in new hampshire with jeb bust (bush) in first 
 speaking at the red white and blue dinner in maryland- https://t.co/tzuxn715fq 
 via @fitsnews:donald trump surges in new hampshire poll: mogul reality star emerges as granite state’s ‘anti-bush’ http://t.co/tqfbtg9phc 
 my @gretawire interview on @foxnewsinsider trump: 'last person i'd want negotiating for me is obama' http://t.co/dcihnlgmdt 
 via @wsjpolitics by @reidepstein: trump surges in popularity in n.h. http://t.co/iw6o3qhqur 
 donald trump files statement of candidacy http://t.co/uimcfhmtmu via @cbsnews 
 via @bpolitics by @emtitus: defying doubters donald trump makes presidential bid official http://t.co/cjz7p3hfpx 
 today i filed my statement of candidacy with the fec. let's #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/db4q4j2gkn 
 true. https://t.co/wjffoyaxzm 
 @danaperino  have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle 
 entrepreneurs: brainpower is the ultimate leverage. don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities 
 entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. that's good business 
 entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 the senate must not pass tpa! any senator who votes for it is disqualified for being potus. protect the american worker and manufacturer 
 flashback – jeb bush received a $4m tax payer bailout in 1990 http://t.co/r2bpnbrqrx  guess who was potus then 
 who do you want negotiating for us? #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/waslyxbg1j 
 it's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. let’s make sure everyone can achieve the american dream! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 @jordanspieth  great job--you are a true champion! see you soon 
 "hillary clinton dominates the pack in fake twitter followers" http://t.co/e16f6fm8uq 
 thank you. https://t.co/l4g1vmxscn 
 @deneenborelli  thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated 
 i want to thank elizabeth steve brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. nice 
 sadly i will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. on mondays. this is because i am running for president and law prohibits. love 
 @karlrove still thinks romney won! he doesn't have a clue! @foxnews 
 @karlrove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd amendment. i thought @foxnews was going to fire that jerk after his romney fiasco 
 the great mike wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son chris wallace of @foxnews. mike was a total pro 
 @martharaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on this week. @gstephanopoulos should not allow this conduct 
 @karlrove who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race said i'm not a candidate until i file papers. next week karl 
 via @breitbartnews by @aswoyer: "exclusive: trump slams obamatrade stands up for american jobs"http://t.co/ke5pjagvtq 
 happy father's day to all! i had a wonderful and loving father. https://t.co/sdrrctsxhu 
 via @nypost by @jonathontrugman: "donald trump’s resume backs his run for president" http://t.co/mdkeow9vrf 
 who would you rather have negotiating for the u.s. against putin iran china etc. donald trump or hillary? is there even a little doubt 
 thank you @anncoulter for your nice words. the u.s. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. pols don't get it. make america great again 
 my speech is right now on c-span 1 
 druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. when will the u.s. get smart and stop this travesty 
 mexico is killing the united states economically because their leaders and negotiators are far smarter than ours. but nobody beats trump 
 i like mexico and love the spirit of  mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the u.s 
 why did @danaperino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched 
 our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk 
 via @washtimes by @charleshurt: "donald trump declares war on lying street-hustlers of congress  http://t.co/ionh0wedes 
 out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. nothing personal just business 
 almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. icahn black zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt 
 people buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. it’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool 
 stop saying i went bankrupt. i never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart 
 hillary clinton reaches new low. #trumpvlog https://t.co/kgmq2jvf6b 
 has charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on iraq? i called it right in every way—make america great again 
 george will was a big iraq fool.  $2 trillion thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! dummy 
 goofy political pundit george will spoke at mar-a-lago years ago. i didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope 
 just watched brian williams on @todayshow - very sad! brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. stop apologizing 
 trump nat'l golf club philadelphia 360 beautiful acres as designed by tom fazio with views of the philly skyline.  http://t.co/jha0m0w4kk 
 watch my appearance on @morning_joe - great interview! http://t.co/zvftdka774 
 the tragedy in south carolina is incomprehensible. my deepest condolences to all 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower chicago has received accolades for design service &amp; our signature restaurant "sixteen" http://t.co/4ojj9nqnuh 
 thank you. https://t.co/ctb9g0sal0 
 speaking to great patriots @mcc_ct. my first visit to granite state since declaring my candidacy! #fitn https://t.co/hfddwzjof0 
 heading to new hampshire. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/qtmiyor9wu 
 we need someone with experience to rebuild america. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/y5wq9luct0 
 only a fool would buy the @nydailynews. loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. let it die 
 thank you sarah--let's have pizza in new york soon with you &amp; your great family https://t.co/sq6lsnz6uc 
 enjoyed watching @monicacrowley's analysis of my @billoreilly interview. great points! thank you monica 
 @ericbolling in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on @apprenticenbc! keep up the great work 
 thanks @greggutfeld. really nice! i’m glad i did your show. @greggutfeldshow 
 @ericbolling watched you on my flight to iowa. will not be forgotten 
 dear @kimguilfoyle thank you so much for your nice words today on @thefive. will not be forgotten! in iowa now. packed house 
 today i officially declared my candidacy for president of the united states. watch the video of my full speech- https://t.co/gontk0o9dt 
 thanks eric. https://t.co/phubatvq8d 
 #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/jguvmqxqwa 
 i am officially running for president of the united states. #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/ct0lnu7kz0 
 live on #periscope: major announcement! #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/xw3pqhemnq 
 thanks geraldo you're a champion. https://t.co/apfc0pthcp 
 11am #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/445bodp6qy 
 make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. i will be streaming my announcement at 11am 
 in one hour i will be making a major announcement from trump tower. watch it live on periscope! https://t.co/kyohipbzan 
 make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #makeamericagreatagain 
 it is almost time. i will be making a major announcement from @trumptowerny at 11am. follow on social media! #makeamericagreatagain 
 thanks. https://t.co/ezfgroy1hn 
 big time in u.s. today - make america great again! politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back 
 do we really need another bush in the white house--- we have had enough of them. https://t.co/sbuvybg6ke 
 great! https://t.co/u7g3tr4nfs 
 thanks.  https://t.co/fecmq53swe 
 will do thanks.  https://t.co/5zc3d8ylns 
 great! https://t.co/8o3etkjzrd 
 thanks.  https://t.co/qh8txizplx 
 live on #periscope https://t.co/h8lrtzbgeb 
 tomorrow at 11am #makeamericagreatagain https://t.co/pdmndtovvc 
 tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again 
 tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. make america great again 
 make america great again 
 remember politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to make our country great again! controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors 
 i am really happy that hillary made her speech right under trump world tower 
 thank you. https://t.co/smmv2dm1sq 
 thank you. https://t.co/vsky1kd3dy 
 should not pass--bad deal! https://t.co/ar4ugjru9t 
 thanks. https://t.co/r1yukaa8b8 
 thank you. https://t.co/eupojm2wvt 
 true! https://t.co/kba4s0xlrv 
 entrepreneurs: do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- ralph waldo emerson 
 entrepreneurs: focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear 
 entrepreneurs: don’t sell yourself short. don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best 
 entrepreneurs: keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative 
 looking for father's day gift? @miamimagazine named the spa @trumpdoral one of the best places for men to relax http://t.co/kvq5z29bw7 
 thank you. https://t.co/gmaahxp2yb 
 thanks. https://t.co/u4j2avdt65 
 thank you.  https://t.co/xklolr7wxh 
 thank you. https://t.co/foan05rd1p 
 there is. https://t.co/ncouyocldn 
 thanks &amp; i won't let you down.  https://t.co/i6sfqgtxyl 
 thanks.  https://t.co/tfbcpyamlc 
 great thanks. https://t.co/hr70ltvw4y 
 thank you. https://t.co/b49iayvtyz 
 video: trump golf links at ferry point @trumpferrypoint  https://t.co/kwu2btj8wl 
 congratulations to @trumppanama for winning the 2015 traveler's choice award from @tripadvisor http://t.co/eml8gvipln 
 thank you @crainschicago for featuring @trumpchicago in your list of "best private dining rooms in chicago." http://t.co/dk2maa5pu7 
 entrepreneurs:  review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. keep your focus intact 
 entrepreneurs: take responsibility for yourself. it’s a very empowering attitude 
 entrepreneurs: follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be 
 our @trumpnewyork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @tandcmag: http://t.co/ym8jqagpbq 
 thank you @crainschicago for featuring @trumpchicago in your list of "best private dining rooms in chicago." http://t.co/dk2maa5pu7 
 thank you. https://t.co/ilmv2voez7 
 via hardball with chris matthews   http://t.co/05e6lqo9nl 
 via @thetodaysgolfer @trumpscotland gets new clubhouse http://t.co/lewie55rmo 
 "dee dee sorvino @deedeegop i am betting on trump" 
 via the new york times http://t.co/ihwsrd0hxm 
 via @newsmax_media by poll: trump surges among gop hopefuls in nh http://t.co/djh9tel6tt 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower new york includes central park views &amp; our signature restaurant jean georges. perfection! http://t.co/yefarpjy8h 
 trump turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest open championships of all time. http://t.co/bvslbzta46 
 via @gravismarketing: new hampshire poll: trump into top-tier status http://t.co/4mtfx9j044 
 amazing nh poll released! we are getting ready to make america great again! http://t.co/gdrpkrwysd 
 trump national golf club los angeles offers 18 holes fronting the pacific ocean on the palos verdes peninsula. http://t.co/gktsmo70jc 
 loved doing #ncgopconvention keynote speech last night! unbelievable reception. had the biggest crowds by far of any of the gop candidates 
 will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7am et from europe 
 going to scotland ireland &amp; other places in europe to close up deals. getting ready for the june 16th announcement @trumptowerny 
 via @newsobserver by @raleighreporter: "in raleigh donald trump all but announces presidential bid" http://t.co/5dt2g7hasy 
 just received a standing ovation at #ncgopcon when i said "we need to bring the american dream back better and stronger than ever before!" 
 just said at #ncgopcon that "i'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! no special interest would control me if i were in office." 
 just made the point at #ncgopcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; i think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like trump!" 
 just received applause at #ncgopcon when i said  "people ask me why i may run for president-- i might so we can make america great again 
 just said at #ncgopcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!" 
 received a standing applause at #ncgopcon when i said "to have free trade be fair for the us we need really intelligent negotiators." 
 just introduced at #ncgopcon as the country's highest paid speaker. told the record crowd of 650 i am to be speaking here for free 
 going to north carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd 
 our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by congress. - phyllis schlafly 
 our nation has a duty to care for our vets &amp; their families. it's time to do it! let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 we must stop common core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. it is a federal grab of education. keep education local 
 china just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. why do our leaders let china get away with this?! no respect 
 via @globegazette by @ggmaryp: trump: we'll bring american dream back http://t.co/feuen6c1yo 
 donald trump: i’ve made up my mind on 2016 http://t.co/gqkxdwon26  via @msnbc by @janestreet 
 @gretchencarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. getting real is as real as it gets. get it &amp; enjoy! #gettingreal 
 looking forward to keynoting the @ncgop #ncgopcon dinner tomorrow night!  @ncgop is a top state party 
 via @dmregister by @bylineandydavis: donald trump speaks to veterans residents in coralville http://t.co/u96iaaghld 
 trump international golf club turnberry scotland -- home to four of the greatest open championships of all time.. http://t.co/bvslbzta46 
 was in iowa yesterday-great people. record crowds at both speeches. something big is happening. pols are all talk. make america great again 
 dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in iraq. many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. u.s. got nothing 
 @krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isn't. a dummy who is on too many fox shows. an overrated clown 
 one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. a totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts 
 with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again! http://t.co/hoqgwzrlba 
 standing ovation after promising to bring the american dream back and better than ever before! https://t.co/8vsdgajsef 
 standing room only in mason city iowa! thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! https://t.co/gxinb8lpga 
 via @kcrg by @markwcarlson: donald trump stops in coralville http://t.co/lqp890xz7z 
 trump nat'l golf club philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning tom fazio designed course--fantastic! http://t.co/jha0m0w4kk 
 entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good 
 re negotiation: think about what the other side wants. know where they're coming from. view any conflict as an opportunity. be flexible 
 entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often. – tom brady @superbowl @patriots 
 just as i predicted while obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. we must double sanctions 
 excited to be returning to the @ncgop state convention as the keynote of saturday’s dinner! @ncgop is a strong conservative state party 
 bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the american dream. it’s time for a bold new direction! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @carrgaz: trump to jet in to unveil trump @turnberrybuzz clubhouse http://t.co/sem5naysv7 
 looking forward to visiting mason city iowa tomorrow. will be my 8th day in the hawkeye state this year! http://t.co/ii29wqz7wh 
 i love it when people doubt me. it makes me work harder to prove them wrong. – derek jeter 
 the trans-pacific partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. this is a bad deal. time for smart trade 
 too bad i don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! https://t.co/dr4gv4vuhe 
 the spa @trumpwaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional hawaiian botanicals &amp; healing techniques http://t.co/crzvjkkwy7 
 entrepreneurs: set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss 
 entrepreneurs: there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice 
 entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. get out there &amp; go for it 
 the constitution is the guide which i never will abandon - george washington 
 @trumpgolfla is proud to be hosting @pgagrandslam where all 4 major champions will square off. october 2015. http://t.co/osmvxnwxs8 
 via @g_liberty_voice by melody dareing: donald trump wants to build a wall between u.s. and mexico http://t.co/fpytpainv0 
 via @christiantoday: donald trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of christians' if he wins white house http://t.co/pxck9qsx7g 
 all the haters &amp; losers must admit that unlike others i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name. would never do that 
 while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. too bad 
 june 16th- https://t.co/jyqz5rkooj 
 awarded 5 stars by @forbesinspector @trumpchicago’s @sixteenchicago offers   executive chef @cheflents’s new menu http://t.co/wdl4pd8y10 
 for those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker. his last effort was a real bomb (in all ways) 
 jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television. a wiseguy with no talent. not smart but convinces dopes he is! fading out fast 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m.  enjoy 
 for those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker. his last effort was a real bomb (in all ways) 
 i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son beau. met him once great guy 
 all the haters and losers must admit that unlike others  i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name. would never do that 
 while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. too bad 
 jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television. a wiseguy with no talent. not smart but convinces dopes he is! fading out fast 
 wow the economy is really bad! gross domestic product down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. i told you so! only i can fix 
 confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence. - vince lombardi 
 icymi via @nypost by post editorial board: @trumpferrypoint: new gem in the bronx http://t.co/cpdo1mpahm 
 via @paramuspost: @trumpsoho new york debuts sizzling summer offerings http://t.co/ckfese3xih 
 donald trump to be in mason city june 4th  http://t.co/ii29wqz7wh via @kcha 
 @trumpferrypoint was something we’ve been working on for years and donald trump got it to the finish line. - @rubendiazjr 
 trump int'l golf links &amp; hotel ireland is on 400 beautiful acres &amp; fronts the atlantic ocean for 2.5 miles. spectac!http://t.co/nt7zundgmv 
 entrepreneurs: ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist? be open to new ideas. be innovative 
 entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example 
 entrepreneurs: get--and keep--your momentum going. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 required reading 4 success in politics &amp; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #makingthecase. brilliant advice !  http://t.co/f64qobw4zv 
 i had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @trumpferrypoint. watch the video- https://t.co/dvzizdtuse 
 face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack_welch 
 it’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! we can get it done. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 obamacare premiums could jump as high as 51% http://t.co/bdbnj4hm99 terrible for economy. repeal &amp; replace with free market solution 
 common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. department of education should be disbanded not expanded. focus on local education 
 via @americanthinker by malcolm unwell: taking trump seriously http://t.co/rbpjsmde2m 
 get some face time in the spa at @trumplasvegas http://t.co/przzlv2u0j  via @vegascom by renée libutti 
 my @greta int. on @foxnews on how to defeat isis obama losing ground to isis &amp; making america great again! http://t.co/1d4mpmjfaa 
 via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: donald trump: 'we must make america great again'  http://t.co/3ttiu2lnne 
 in the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish 
 "watch listen and learn. you can't know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." donald trump" 
 politicians are all talk and no action. bush and rubio couldn't answer simple question on iraq. they will never make america great again 
 good advice from my mother: "trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary trump 
 good advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." --  fred c. trump 
 @jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @trumpferrypoint  http://t.co/vmcjzao065 via @nypost by @nypost_willis 
 in business you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again 
 resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus 
 on 800 pristine miami acres @trumpdoral boasts luxurious accommodations world-class dining &amp; championship golf http://t.co/e2bnvqeo0m 
 a quote from the late great golfer sam snead: "practice puts brains in your muscles!" this is true also in life 
 will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. so much to talk about 
 @anncoulter's new book-- "adios america! the left's plan to turn our country into a third world hellhole"-- is a great read. good job 
 everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. - @serenawilliams 
 entrepreneurs: realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute 
 entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge 
 entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem 
 if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief 
 whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford 
 my honor. https://t.co/gukhhtbusi 
 i will be going to trump links at ferry point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future nyc treasure) course. great job "d" 
 the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.they don't care 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m 
 i would like to wish everyone including all haters and losers (of which sadly there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable memorial day 
 nobody understands politicians like i do - all talk and no action. they will never get our country where it needs to be truly great again 
 think big! you are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well  think big 
 i told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and i had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. why? too bad 
 a strong america creates opportunity and growth. we just need to change washington. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 on this memorial day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest 
 patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it. – mark twain 
 trump golf links at ferry point: grand opening next tuesday may 26th at 11 am. jack nicklaus will be joining me. http://t.co/xovcybfo0p 
 "if i run and if i win our country will be great again." - last line of my @srqrepublicans speech 
 "our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 audience chanting "run trump run!" during my my @srqrepublicans speech! they are going to be very happy 
 "i said don't invade iraq from the very beginning." - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 "i am going to save social security without any cuts. i know where to get the money from. nobody else does." - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 via @abcpolitics by @ajdukakis &amp; @rickklein: "mr. trump goes to washington and talks 2016" http://t.co/8uhtf2pv7l 
 "many republicans support tpp. they are stupid. we have stupid republicans too. we need to keep jobs here!" - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 "negotiation is a true talent. it is an art. and our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it." - @srqrepublicans speech 
 "i would triple the sanctions on iran if the american pastor is not released." - my  @srqrepublicans speech 
 "i make good deals. that's what i do. i would make great deals for our country." - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 just received huge applause when i said berghdal should be sent back to afghanistan! @srqrepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd 
 "wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my @srqrepublicans speech 
 looking forward to receiving 2015 statesman of the year award tonight by @srqrepublicans. a record 2000+ sell out http://t.co/hqw42pdgxs 
 entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations everyone wins. this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for 
 entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don't no one else will either 
 entrepreneurs: be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort 
 just 30 minutes from manhattan @trumpnationalny is westchester’s most elite club offering a 7291 yard course http://t.co/swfmzzaym2 
 via @realclearnews by @rebeccagberg: is the white house big enough for donald trump?  http://t.co/qvco49kill 
 flashback: nyers were grateful when donald trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the wollman rink http://t.co/9ivm6g9gae 
 "always be prepared to start. - @joemontana 
 via @twtravelnews by robert silk: renovations make trump's doral a showcase once again http://t.co/wfil90xe0q 
 why donald trump won’t touch your entitlements: des moines iowa—donald trump says if he runs for p... http://t.co/yxwndtphbj" 
 @kirstenpowers  new book is excellent and so true! congrats 
 signing the facebook wall- https://t.co/6di8mztjgg 
 i had a great time today visiting facebook ny. https://t.co/5zv7gq5vkq 
 @megynkelly  will be on fox now. watch and enjoy 
 i will be interviewed on @megynkelly's the kelly file tonight. be sure to watch on  @foxnews 
 our country has tremendous potential. together we can fix washington. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard 
 my @thebrodyfile int. discussing the persecution of christians in the middle east &amp; religious liberty &amp; freedom http://t.co/ndohuqwiri 
 my @thebrodyfile int. from iowa on how i would build a wall to secure our southern border &amp; deduct costs from mexico http://t.co/g0m5cyccgk 
 looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 statesman of the year’ by @srqrepublicans this thursday. a record 2000+ attendees-can't wait 
 via @zpolitics: donald trump sends message to @garepublicans http://t.co/nj05v6rd0j 
 trump golf links at ferry point is a jack nicklaus signature design 18 hole course just minutes from manhattan http://t.co/xovcybfo0p 
 i had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook ny today- http://t.co/vlvsxbpgds 
 what people don’t know about kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous lehman brothers when it totally destroyed the economy 
 i now see john kasich from ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line make america great again. typical pol- no imagination 
 there is no way my friend bob kraft agreed not to appeal the nfl decision without making a deal to at least get something. we love tom brady 
 wow so nice and so true. thank you! "@not_that_actor: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 time to rethink the choices http://t.co/tdmlfuofji" 
 a must watch - truly beautiful! "@privatecaddie: amazing turnberry ailsa course changes from @realdonaldtrump #golf https://t.co/kkobozwiwv" 
 with sen. elizabeth dole &amp; @dolefoundation caregiver fellows. tremendous people caring for our military &amp; veterans! http://t.co/zgr7jlhj5b 
 incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – punta del  este uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  http://t.co/stq7jiomjr 
 actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.   – harry s. truman 
 entrepreneurs: remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules 
 entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count 
 entrepreneurs:  be tough be smart be personable --  but don't take things personally. that's good business 
 tpp does not stop japan’s currency manipulation &amp; china has a backdoor to join. it must be stopped. we need to protect the american worker 
 our debt finances china’s military. it's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @huffpostpol by @_under_current: donald trump will end outsourcing if president http://t.co/nniorv7czn 
 flashback via @reuters from 2004: donald trump would 'fire' bush over iraq invasion it's called great vision.  http://t.co/ikzuvaecti 
 trump: i created tens of thousands of jobs http://t.co/temqd0xqy5 via @thehill by @smilotweets 
 remember when jeb gave hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of benghazi?! http://t.co/9b4goldxto guess he would have invaded libya too 
 host of the @pgatour &amp; @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous blue monster http://t.co/q09rkcgitz 
 congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @foxnews show! greg makes great tv and is a terrific guy 
 @trumpnationalny- a great place! https://t.co/v5dv6fkzes @trumpgolf 
 via david ebner re stanley cup &amp; trump poster: if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big http://t.co/gsj6ntqjwh 
 gallup finds des moines iowa has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. congrats and i agree--i love the place! @desmoines 
 marco rubio had no idea what he was doing on chris wallace show. said iraq "was not a mistake." he looked clueless 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. so much to talk about but not much good news for the u.s.a. make america great again 
 wow isis has just taken the city of ramadi in iraq. so many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  such a waste 
 i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols 
 marco rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with chris wallace @foxnews concerning our invading iraq.he was as clueless as jeb 
 jeb bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded iraq.he is so confused.not presidential material 
 via @dmregister by @briannedmr:trump: bring back jobs from overseas http://t.co/hlregvffjc let's make america great again 
 today is armed forces day. thank you  to our military service members! i love you all 
 received a standing ovation in packed house @morningsideedu after sam clovis intro! let's make america great again! http://t.co/3hxoyfncfa 
 i am in iowa today great state fantastic people! many speeches big crowds - all sold out! make america great again 
 excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom iowa national security action summit tomorrow at 1:30pm! http://t.co/ofhxzcgogc 
 via @newsmax_media: "14 reasons donald trump is really running — and doing well" http://t.co/zzkh5c5cg0 
 looking forward to being interviewed by sam clovis tomorrow at @morningsideedu in sioux city at 10am ct! let’s make america great again 
 via @fitsnews by @taylahhkane:"donald trump’s refreshing lack of a filter" http://t.co/oykfexapld 
 via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump inches closer to a decision http://t.co/hgp2lw9ucj 
 excited to keynote of the sold-out pottawattamie county republican party lincoln/reagan dinner tonight! http://t.co/rwhijbdyvj leaving now 
 @billrancic  bill fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and i am proud of you as first apprentice champ 
 i cannot believe how bad jeb bush looks with his insane answer on iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse 
 via @bostonherald by @ chriscassidy_bh: "donald trump says jeb bush is wrong about iraq" https://t.co/jrjhedis7g 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; golf links ireland (formerly the lodge at doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the atlantic ocean http://t.co/nt7zundgmv 
 failure isn’t fatal but failure to change might be – john wooden 
 going to new hampshire all sold out crowds. people want real change - pols will never make our country great again 
 i call jeb bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun 
 who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against tom brady? sue them tom and make lots of $. @nfl 
 i hope tom brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. they will drop the case against him--and he will win 
 you can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. yet with no evidence @nfl targeted tom brady. b.s. 
 needed: leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.only one knows the art of the deal. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 huge townhall tomorrow at 5pm in the nh barrington middle school! thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! let’s make america great again 
 looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us! #gunrights #tcot 
 thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the two international group! looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #fitn topics 
 "donald trump trademarked reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other republicans from using it" http://t.co/hapdioldbu via @businessinsider 
 via @swan_investor by @forbes: the trump card: make america great again http://t.co/kwvbk5htdr 
 my major hotel conversion of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. is under budget and ahead of schedule. should be u.s.a 
 we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell. time to rebuild the u.s.a.! tell our stupid politicians enough 
 i am the best builder just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue 
 train wreck just the beginning. our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.i can fix for 20% of pols &amp; better 
 remember politicians are all talk and no action. our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. the lobbyists &amp; donors control all 
 the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. i know how to build pols only know how to talk 
 amtrak crash near philadelphia train derails -many hurt some badly. our country has horrible infrastructure problems. pols can't solve 
 jeb bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. said he would do the disastrous  iraq war all over again 
 my @bostonherald interview on tom brady hillary clinton the granite state &amp; making america great again! https://t.co/qy1j7tilau 
 polling strong donald trump starting to get serious  http://t.co/8lcma58p7p via @bostonherald by @jaclyncashman 
 glad the trans-pacific partnership failed in the senate. bad deal for american worker &amp; economy! we need smart trade! http://t.co/ypz4io6wjj 
 via @prnewswire streetsense brings "the national" a geoffrey zakarian restaurant to dc's new trump intl hotel http://t.co/g5kg6yqznj 
 via @breitbartnews: donald trump: ‘rich people don’t like me’–poor middle-income people ‘like me best’ http://t.co/jrzehq1dpq 
 "everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- thomas edison 
 entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 entrepreneurs: be passionate. you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it 
 i was proud to be one of ronald reagan's earliest supporters. like reagan it's time to make america great again!http://t.co/toq7ddalco 
 sue them tom! #trumpvlog https://t.co/27fgvfn9pz 
 what a stupid deal for verizon to buy aol for $4.4 billion. aol has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. worth less than $1 billion 
 one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is chris cillizza of the washington post @thefix. moron hates my poll numbers 
 why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country while at the same time leaving the losers alone? stupid 
 people are so jealous of tom brady and the patriots. no court could convict based on the evidence.they can't beat him on the field so this 
 can you imagine we spend billions of dollars protecting saudi arabia and now the king refuses to even meet with obama. great leadership 
 they had no definitive proof against tom brady or #patriots. if hillary doesn't have to produce emails why should tom? very unfair 
 "government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives. – president ronald reagan 
 great shot by @kingjames yesterday. lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure 
 do what you can with what you have where you are. - theodore roosevelt 
 @foxandfriends in 5 minutes 
 denzel washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. from the heart 
 a great job by @rickiefowlerpga in winning the players yesterday. finally your jealous critics can go to hell! good luck at the u.s. open 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. plenty to talk about 
 how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals. death penalty 
 happy #mothersday to all the great mothers out there! https://t.co/wvh2gwxg99 
 big crowds standing ovations in south carolina - make america great again 
 my two sons eric &amp; don have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @nra. they go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers 
 @tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on fox especially when talking politics. he has come a long way fast 
 leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again 
 @nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions 
 thank you @asavagenation and keep up the great work 
 great job tonight @ericbolling 
 #trumpadvice https://t.co/vfp8gbipex 
 keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. when you do that you are passing the test. - @joelosteen 
 i've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. my deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. i know the process &amp; win 
 tom brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. he is my friend and a total winner! @patriots 
 a strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @fitsnews by will folks: ’the donald’ rebukes obamatrade http://t.co/bkmput9y8r 
 iowa hirings suggest donald trump serious about 2016 white house bid http://t.co/qpbkoehijj via @washtimes by @sethmclaughlin1 
 via @newsmax_media by donald trump: don't give obama fast-track trade authority http://t.co/sb2zogqucz 
 via @arabianbusiness: @ivankatrump eyes new projects in abu dhabi for trump organization http://t.co/qhqsf90sk6 
 @kilmeade  it was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. so many people saw and loved the piece. great work 
 #tbt with my friend @muhammadali https://t.co/ivjzzvtufn 
 huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security medicare &amp; medicaid. i will 
 i was the first &amp; only potential gop candidate to state there will be no cuts to social security medicare &amp; medicaid. huckabee copied me 
 if i run i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again 
 the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again 
 @franklin_graham:  great job on @foxandfriends this morning. you beautifully stated what most people are thinking! say hi to all 
 #trumpadvice https://t.co/fox2rhnxha 
 via @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump to blast obama trade pact in radio ads: ‘a bad bad deal’ http://t.co/k5dg5hcbuo 
 via ht politics http://t.co/w95ambywic 
 @pamelageller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. don't provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay. no signals just do it 
 i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will   fight hard for victory if i do 
 our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast before it is too late. we have zero leadership and never win! we want victory 
 trump international golf club turnberry scotland has been home to four of the greatest open championships in history http://t.co/bvslbzta46 
 there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. – the iron lady margaret thatcher 
 follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14 
 at the foot of whitestone bridge in the bronx @trumpferrypoint offers  fantastic views of the manhattan skyline  http://t.co/mk4nx0ped1 
 i am thrilled to share that the trump home furniture collection by @doryainteriors just opened a new… https://t.co/d3vukt8cux 
 great story on @trumptoronto in @globeandmail about our new sky and wellness suites: http://t.co/xeeufxvvtt 
 there is incredible progress on the site of trump tower punta del este uruguay situated on the sands of playa brava http://t.co/0s110k4hj7 
 our spa @trumpsoho gets a nice write-up in @details: #gotmilk 
 what would you do if a large group of muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of jesus? oh really be cool 
 the u.s. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. be smart 
 nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience. dumb 
 #maythe4thbewithyou--- here is when darth vader and i did some firing- https://t.co/cun3eqy3oi 
 with 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms @trumpsoho offers a wide array of aaa five diamond luxury options http://t.co/is7mqkdee2 
 thrilled to hear that @rakutentraveljp has awarded @trumpwaikiki the 'rakuten diamond award' for the 4th consecutive year! congrats 
 deportations are plummeting http://t.co/h7atqqdrna while obama continues to grant amnesty 
 if elected i will undo all of obama’s executive orders. i will deliver. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 looking forward to @david_bossie &amp; @repjeffduncan’s @citizens_united freed summit in greenville sc this saturday 
 congress was elected last november to reign obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the american worker 
 via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman:  @gzchef open the national at the old post office pavilion http://t.co/v0df83zlgk 
 congratulations to @trumpnewyork and @trumptoronto for the @wsj coverage on perks in luxury hotels: http://t.co/wy6idgjc3c 
 our amazing golf course @trumpscotland https://t.co/v1wz2qyuze 
 i will be interviewed at 7:00 a.m. on @foxandfriends - enjoy 
 i am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. our cities need help and fast. they are crumbling 
 just got back from las vegas. @trumplasvegas hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time. the aggressor lost 
 @floydmayweather  good luck tonight floyd 
 the racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television 
 baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. jobs jobs jobs 
 @sheriffclarke  great insight  in dealing with the media today. you are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro 
 @realdonaldtrump  i'm an activist so i'm used 2 that &amp; i always applaud interestbut the people i know admire trump"  thank you nice 
 plans to build wind farm near trump turnberry in scotland have been dropped. great! @golfdigest  @golfweekmag @golfchannel @espngolf 
 @canoetravel  also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in aberdeen. no longer works. @golfchannel 
 beautiful thank you. https://t.co/jg3mukdtp9 
 trump: ‘very much inclined’ to enter gop white house race http://t.co/wmwxsy9myy via @mcclatchydc by @lightmandavid 
 thanks! https://t.co/qhwabmzyop 
 thank you. https://t.co/nqv8hfvssb 
 via @dmregister by @ap: donald trump talks economy with republicans in davenport http://t.co/gfmzh0ydaj 
 via @conroecourier by @stephengreen91:trump talks 2016 run jobs at @txpatriotspac http://t.co/tuptn3rw0o 
 my @kwwl int. from @wartburgcollege discussing how politicians have failed us &amp; making america great again! http://t.co/agdg3pueq5 
 via @qctimes by @edtibbetts: trump: u.s. getting beat up http://t.co/vhghmnfau2 
 whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- henry ford 
 entrepreneurs: don't tread water. get out there and go for it 
 entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 if the working proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views the u.s. as we know it is doomed 
 why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of ana charle by ex-con thug west spruill. gunned down on street naked. why no riots here 
 billions of dollars spent on baltimore and it's still a total mess. leadership is needed not dollars. our whole country is going to hell 
 @cgasparino  good seeing you. keep up the great work never stop 
 @thrillistchi named @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago one of the best value michelin-starred restaurants in chicago http://t.co/6vjuwualvp 
 congrats @trumpwaikiki for winning @americanexpress fine hotels &amp; resorts 'hotel partner of the year for 2014'  award 
 @nicolledwallace is really hurting @theview. she is boring predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings dying 
 i have been a guest on the view many times when it was  successful show. now the show is dying for lack of ratings. too bad 
 they now say using the word "thug" is like so many other words not politically correct (even though obama uses it). it is racist. bull 
 incredible handheld video of the las vegas strip in 1969. the skyline looks better with @trumplasvegas!  http://t.co/ocsytc4q2v 
 thank you @trumpsoho @trumpnewyork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @marinecorpslef while accepting the commandant’s leadership award 
 met a big fan today! https://t.co/gd3lropncr 
 i am going to iowa today - sold out crowds. people don't want our country ripped-off anymore. must stop now 
 i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots 
 hopefully there won't be any problems in baltimore tonight. be calm be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.there is just too much to live for 
 the best social program by far is a job! our jobs are being taken away from us by china and many other countries - incompetent leader 
 president obama you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership it can be done! do it 
 our country has to come together. we have to start working with and really liking  each other. the whole world is watching baltimore 
 the mayor of baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius 
 now that the ineffective baltimore  police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the u.s. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again) 
 our great african american president hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying baltimore 
 blatant and rampant property destruction in baltimore as the police stand by and watch. should be a lesson on how not to handle riots. sad 
 wow 15 policemen hurt in baltimore some badly! where is the national guard. police must get tough and fast! thugs must be stopped 
 #trumpadvice https://t.co/hjdstxh9zq 
 via @bostonherald by @chriscassidy_bh: trump: `the last thing we need is another bush' http://t.co/gdrxb3addu 
 my @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #whcd on my 2016 timetable saving social security &amp; making america great again! http://t.co/ld2farv2vg 
 icymi via @pagesix by @mohris: donald trump honored at marine corps charity gala http://t.co/vsdneijz1p 
 nobody but donald trump will save israel. you are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. best! #sheldonadelson 
 will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. then i head to new hampshire great people 
 i will be interviewed by @judgejeanine tonight on @foxnews - enjoy 
 i don't know if hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb 
 @pennypritzker really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where china and others are beating us. best 
 @nro  really important to save national review from going out of business. we need a true conservative voice 
 @nro  not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as national review thanks to guidance of goldberg a total loser! get some real talent or fold 
 @waynedupreeshow  a fantastic guy 
 congratulations to @danaperino on your book going to number one on amazon. great book - great job 
 how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc 
 #trumpadvice https://t.co/yvxhjuwlz5 
 looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @chesterfieldgop lincoln-reagan dinner in virginia 
 congrats to great golfer @frostpga on his big win last week. always been best putter. "frost wins for trump" 
 a beautiful article by @ivankatrump on my newly opened golf course in nyc trump links ferry point http://t.co/cxvtro6yis 
 @johnhawkinsrwn  great speaking to you today we will speak again soon 
 @apageor2  very good must be tough 
 #tbt with steven spielberg in the old days- a great guy! http://t.co/iqeuaq8cpe 
 talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. – michael jordan @jumpman23 
 it is time for dc to protect the american worker not grant amnesty to illegals. let’s make america great again! https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 why are the republicans giving obama fast track authority for tpp and the iran agreement?! obama gets more from the gop than his own party 
 fact – while jeb was governor &amp; rubio was house majority leader florida’s debt more than doubled. conservatives 
 via @baltimoresun by @erinatthesun: maryland gop book trump for major fundraiser http://t.co/fvjmy4mouq 
 via @thehill by @henschonthehill: trump says us roads are 'falling apart' http://t.co/mhuhz1su1j 
 excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday. the granite state is a model for the country. live free or die 
 trump signs lease for a nh office returns monday http://t.co/nljqb8bmzb via  @unionleader by @tuohy 
 @geraldorivera thanks my champion geraldo--and very true 
 @forbesinspector 5 star &amp; @tripadvisor #1 luxury hotel @trumptoronto offers style luxury &amp; impeccable service http://t.co/fl4mob3na2 
 do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register. make america great again 
 @ex369ppd  thank you 
 what counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. - dwight d. eisenhower 
 china has a backdoor into the trans-pacific partnership. this deal does not address currency manipulation. china is laughing at us 
 the trans-pacific partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. do not pass it 
 republicans should not be giving obama fast track authority on trade. the trans-pacific partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector 
 the trans-pacific partnership is an attack on america's business. it does not  stop japan's currency manipulation. this is a bad deal 
 no amnesty. protect the rule of law! let’s make america great again https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 i want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country. must include currency manipulation (and more). do not let pass 
 congratulations to the republicans in congress. you are the only people obama can out negotiate. #timetogettough 
 i'm getting the commandant's leadership award from the u.s.marines tonight at the waldorf astoria - a great honor!  @bretbaier 
 via @kingwoodnews by @jayrjordan:: @txpatriotspac gives public a chance to hear trump speak http://t.co/if3kpb8ilm 
 via @golfmonthly by @jake0reilly: trump to build five new holes at @turnberrybuzz  http://t.co/sdyf7yy5kf 
 looking forward to keynoting @chesterfieldgop lincoln-reagan gala this friday at the country club at the highlands. sold out record crowd 
 #makeamericagreatagain http://t.co/vcuixb5tnc 
 ailsa course changes: #trumpturnberry what a beautiful place!  http://t.co/2orfnj1wpk 
 @jonahnro  you should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing national review instead of focusing on me. work hard!  @nro 
 @nro @jonahnro  wow just looked at the stats for national review. dying fast doing very little business. save this conservative voice 
 the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that i’m the only repub who won't cut social security etc. i’ll make america rich again 
 i’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win 
 with a stupid guy like jonah goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me no wonder the nro is doing so poorly. @jonahnro 
 people have been forced to resign positions for far less than @jonahnro’s tweeting like a 14 year old girl 
 @jonahnro you stated that i started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...  horrible insult to women. resign now or later 
 when you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat. – ronald reagan 
 #trumpvlog trouble in paradise for clintons- https://t.co/rljvpxuvvh 
 republicans have once again capitulated to obama. this time on the iran nuclear treaty. when will it end 
 government can be efficient with the right leadership. let’s make america great again https://t.co/u25yi5t7e8 
 via @concordnhpatch by @politizine: trump: 'we'll make america great again' http://t.co/jp9isp6ssf 
 icymi my speech from this past saturday at the @nhgop @fitnsummit via @cspan  http://t.co/mxcytmrsfw 
 wow hillary and bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow republicans will let them off the hook. all talk no action 
 via http://t.co/przv7pchj0 interview with donald trump about presidential aspirations: it's all a deal"  http://t.co/v5wrd9hcyt 
 i guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @jonahnro &amp; @stephenfhayes. oh well both mags are dying anyway. http://t.co/kzwmixmfw4 
 wow really nice and unexpected from ed schultz. thank you ed! @edshow  http://t.co/kzwmixmfw4 
 @danaperino wrote a wonderful book and the good news is.."  dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it 
 glad to see that @peterose_14 has been hired by @foxsports as an analyst. pete should be around baseball and in the hall of fame 
 via @thehill by @henschonthehill: trump: 'i'm disappointed' in many republicans http://t.co/dnnrm5h8t3 
 @stephenfhayes: i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire. you just don't  have what it takes! @joenbc 
 national review @nro may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @jonahnro. no talent means death - sad 
 @megynkelly   sorry there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media 
 jonah goldberg @jonahnro of the once great @nro #national review is truly dumb as a rock. why does  @bretbaier put this dummy on his show 
 as i have long been saying south africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. just watch the evening news (when not talking weather) 
 we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb 
 we are getting ready to protect saudi arabia against iran &amp; others-sending ships.  how much are they going to pay us toward this protection 
 trump national golf club los angeles will be the host in october for the @pgagrandslam. http://t.co/gktsmo70jc 
 congratulations to @trumpsoho for once again receiving the aaa five diamond award for another year 
 congratulations to @trumpwaikiki for being selected as "best of +vip access 2014" by @expedia 
 @weeklystandard  i know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes 
 thank you @jeffjlpa1 and @amspec for the wonderful and very true article total desperation on iran http://t.co/aufxrgir9o 
 how does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates 
 so much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @bretbaier 
 i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. some very interesting topics 
 just returned from new hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! wonderful people who truly love the u.s.a 
 for all of the haters and losers out there sorry i never went bankrupt -- but i did build a world class company and employ many people 
 @georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. got thrown off abc like a dog. at mar-a-lago he was a total bust 
 i do what i do out of pure enjoyment. hopefully nobody does it better. theres a beauty to making a great deal. it's my canvas 
 @bretbaier   why do you have george will on your show - he's exhausted boring and not even a little relevant! waste of good air-time 
 looking forward to speaking at 1:30pm tomorrow in nashua at @nhgop @fitnsummit!. let's make america great again! #fitn 
 for america to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past. let’s make america great again!  http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1: "exclusive: trump says obama shows ‘total desperation’ on iran" http://t.co/aufxrgir9o 
 my @foxbusiness int. w/don imus on not drinking alcohol politicians being all talk and no action &amp; the border http://t.co/efp0lclaov 
 isis is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our southern border http://t.co/p8arbnco0a we need a wall. deduct costs from mexico 
 the republicans are funding obamacare and amnesty. obama beats them.  http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 great seeing @marianorivera w/@realdonaldtrump at @trumptowerny for @erictrumpfdn! http://t.co/voxkcptrf6. http://t.co/qsltrsg3wq" 
 kimguilfoyle - great job tonight 
 jeb bush - i am a conservative = barack obama -if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan 
 america will never be destroyed from the outside.if we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves. a. lincoln 
 others claim they can make america great again but only one knows the art of the deal. it’s time for an outsider http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 via @walidshoebat: watch donald trump: he is patriotic and he can fix america http://t.co/swe2lariov 
 with our brand new tennis performance center @trumpgolfdc offers countless activities along with top courses http://t.co/fyschialfx 
 mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. i am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens 
 rodolfo rosas moya and his pals in mexico owe me a lot of money. disgusting &amp; slow mexico court system. mexico is not a u.s. friend 
 via @businessinsider by @hunterw: trump: 'i'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016 http://t.co/bc62tkde0o 
 update: trump plans public event at @wartburgcollege http://t.co/1zg7rykagl via @wcfcourier: 
 my @teamcavuto int. on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders iran and making america great again http://t.co/qoyj0cln4j 
 #tbt trump and gekko- http://t.co/jhekn4iojf 
 "if your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader." – john quincy adams 
 via @reuters: "donald trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" http://t.co/klb0j51kwl 
 our border is being breached daily by criminals. we must build a wall &amp; deduct costs from mexican foreign aid! http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere 
 the top course on the west coast @trumpgolfla overlooks pacific ocean &amp; offers a luxurious public golf experience http://t.co/0ojzchmsum 
 looking forward to speaking at the @nhgop #fitn republican leadership summit on saturday at 12pm! let’s make america great again 
 had a great time in myrtle beach and charleston this past saturday and monday. looking forward to going back soon 
 via @postandcourier by @skropf47: donald trump: don’t politicize walter scott shooting http://t.co/dc4eral5y0 
 part 1 of my @specialreport int. with @bretbaier discussing why i am strongly considering running for president http://t.co/zeazq1lels 
 via @kcautv: donald trump coming to sioux city in may http://t.co/upurdegt8h 
 today is april 15th obama’s favorite day of the year. t-e-a. taxed enough already 
 the great @marianorivera in my office with my son @erictrump- http://t.co/kepl3e4du9 
 see the amazing views from @trumpgolfla located directly on the pacific ocean- https://t.co/mg3gouicy5 
 marco rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in miami - proper plan. sweating profusely 
 entrepreneurs: don't be confined by expectations. there are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas 
 entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations everyone wins. this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for 
 entrepreneurs: resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss? don't negate your own power 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy 
 how do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. boring guy - really bad for ratings 
 wow mitt romney didn't  know that rand paul was in the race for president. very strange! @foxnews 
 a great @the masters. the course looks so beautiful. fantastic for golf and television ratings 
 @t-mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke 
 @tmobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check 
 thanks @jamersonhayes they are all total losers with nothing going for them 
 @tmobile  you service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @johnlegere 
 @johnlegere  t-mobile service is terrible! why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. i don't want it in my buildings 
 without passion you don't have energy; without energy you have nothing. nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion 
 south carolina and the audience were great - thanks 
 thank you very much for the nice story i greatly appreciate it- http://t.co/uxooivgfiv 
 spoke to a capacity crowd at horry county republican event earlier today. https://t.co/qqcvwftnr9 
 heading to south carolina now - meeting with fantastic people 
 @markraymond  thanks mark they will 
 @bretbaier  thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. many people watched and commented 
 the nra in nashville today was amazing. packed house and standing ovation for trump. thanks 
 @ericbolling did a fantastic job on o'reilly tonight. way to go eric 
 off to nashville and the nra 
 @bretbaier  i will be interviewed by bret (on fox) tonight at 6:00. watch it will be good 
 i will be speaking at the nra event today in nashville. many friends will be there 
 exclusive–donald trump: obama 'totally out-negotiated' by iran taliban 'virtually every country in the world' - http://t.co/frtugriguo" 
 will be doing a big interview tonight with bret baier at 6:00 p.m. on fox. don't miss it 
 record crowd and standing ovation at simpson college in iowa- lots of fun wonderful audience 
 on my way to @trumpsoho to receive the aaa five diamond award 
 i had a great time in iowa yesterday- record crowds fantastic people 
 meeting with iowa state senate leaders https://t.co/arzeb16mog 
 make america great again 
 leaving now - i'm spending the entire day in iowa - great people great state 
 wow the respected monmouth university poll has me ahead of most republican candidates nationwide and most people don't think i'm running 
 many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. they should.be weeded out 
 how much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) arianna huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name 
 as dishonest as @rollingstone is i say @huffingtonpost is worse. neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business 
 @serenawilliams we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at trump national d.c. for the tennis center dedication 
 obama’s promises on the iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it’ - @marklevinshow 
 via @progressindex: donald trump to deliver keynote address at annual chesterfield republican gala http://t.co/sb6yeyqvwp 
 via @lasvegassun by eugene dunn: 2016 is the year of donald trump http://t.co/f9kj19vyjx 
 miami’s top destination @trumpdoral’s remodeled royal palm pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas http://t.co/sije6b7rbf 
 congratulations to @gatewaypundit on being named the #rol15 @breitbartnews award. well-earned &amp; well-deserved 
 looking forward to visiting @simpsoncollege on wednesday to discuss education. common core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights 
 #trumpadvice https://t.co/bulck1ebsi 
 congress must stop obama’s reckless deal with iran. the framework is a pathway for iran to develop nukes 
 @rollingstone admitted their scam. phony @huffingtonpost and others are no better-- total joke 
 will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. enjoy 
 @shawnjohnson have a great easter you are a real champion 
 i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter 
 have a fantastic beautiful and happy easter everyone and then when easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life. never give up 
 that saturday night live is able to joke about the germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. they should apologize to all of those  suffering 
 the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe 
 via @cbsnewyork: @trumpferrypoint opens in the bronx http://t.co/m3hxilcnna 
 politicians are all talk and no action. washington can only be fixed by an outsider. let’s make america great again! http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 oil is under $50/barrel. now is the time to increase sanctions against iran not lift them. no deal is better than a bad deal. #artofthedeal 
 via @thetodaysgolfer trump @turnberrybuzz transformation on course http://t.co/d22hrxa28h 
 watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with iran- http://t.co/gadkbskpzx 
 entrepreneurs: practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. know that goals come with obstacles 
 entrepreneurs: learn to trust yourself. being an entrepreneur is not a group effort 
 entrepreneurs: realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less 
 must read via @foxnews by @jaysekulow: mr. president: will you bring home american pastor imprisoned in iran? http://t.co/d9jlgqpxds 
 obama’s offer to iran will not stop iran’s breakout capability. it is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness. pass sanctions 
 washington needs common sense conservative solutions. let’s make america great again! http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 via @unionleader  by  @tuohy: trump: you're hired http://t.co/cgx4eo3afj 
 via @newsmax_media by @owentew: donald trump: kerry has to walk if iran doesn't make deal http://t.co/eugoixnc0m 
 via @rcpvideo: donald trump on who he likes for president: donald trump http://t.co/dnwlv3tjyn 
 the townhall question segment of my @wmur9 commitment 2016 conversation @joshmcelveen http://t.co/fzrwww5d2l great questions/people #fitn 
 one of the greatest tributes to a father i have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son http://t.co/uka2f9vtpl 
 #trumpvlog be careful with iran. https://t.co/lslbgox6uh 
 my friend @christianjosi is making a very special lp. follow him. conservative leader by day likely 2015 grammy winner by night. #legends 
 each day that iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough 
 turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance 
 i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. enjoy 
 i will be on bill o'reilly's show tonight at 8 pm--talking about iran and politics. @oreillyfactor 
 entrepreneurs: gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn 
 entrepreneurs:  see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. be tough be strong be tenacious 
 entrepreneurs: ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you 
 the right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. let’s make america great again! http://t.co/jegr6jsq5j 
 simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal. – think big 
 there is only one fix for obamacare - repeal &amp; replace with a free market oriented alternative 
 via @foxnewsinsider as seen on @foxandfriends: trump: iran nuke talks should have taken one day http://t.co/s9zkrnlal0 
 iran is desperate to develop nukes. congress must increase sanctions against iran 
 the border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. secure our border now. build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from mexican foreign aid 
 we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime 
 my @wmur9 commitment 2016 conversation with @joshmcelveen discussing leadership china healthcare &amp; veterans http://t.co/85z3kfcdwt 
 via @gazettedotcom by james q. lynch: trump to run typical caucus campaign ‘but bigger’ http://t.co/y2idrfyzml 
 us tycoon donald trump in talks with ryanair to bring more flights back to prestwick airport http://t.co/9zlfxm3u4b  via @daily_record 
 wow what a nice honor!  http://t.co/93gdz6t0mf 
 via @cbnnews’ @thebrodyfile: poll: donald trump in gop top tier for president http://t.co/iuivomm565 
 @turnberrybuzz the jewel in donald trump golfing crown http://t.co/xisrimoot0 via @thescotsman by @dempstermartin 
 the girlfriend of lubitz the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him. put her through hell 
 the road to success is always under construction.-- arnold palmer 
 looking forward to tonight's ayrshire chamber of commerce annual dinner 2015  @ayrshirechamber 
 icymi via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: donald trump to give iowa speech on education http://t.co/wmiajx0e8m 
 faster and cheaper trump finishes nyc ice rink @trumprink http://t.co/s0ef3zsnwj gov. can be efficient w/leadership &amp; business acumen 
 message to obama re: iran: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. – the art of the deal 
 looking forward to speaking @nranews convention in nashville http://t.co/y6vyva0gn8 the 2nd amendment is a right not a privilege 
 flashback @foxnewsinsider july '14:trump: bergdahl swap another mistake by 'gang that couldn't shoot straight' http://t.co/ggxwfvqjwc 
 entrepreneurs: successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. you've got to know where they're coming from. pay attention 
 entrepreneurs: when negotiating don't be an open book. know that the only person on your side might be yourself 
 entrepreneurs: seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk. you never know what will evolve. keep an open mind 
 resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus 
 sgt. bowe bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. u.s. has to get tough 
 if saudi arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly! no freebies 
 pres. obama was touting yemen as a great success story - it just fell. obama doesn't know what he is doing. saudi arabia is in big trouble 
 via @foxnews: trump: politicians are all talk no action; i'm the opposite http://t.co/xezdajloof 
 donald trump launches new men's fragrance-- "empire" -- @macys "because every man has his own empire to build' http://t.co/lbk4xir1fo 
 many people think that wm23 @wrestlemania the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all time—set all records 
 americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness. – pres. ronald reagan 
 my @greta int. on @foxnews with @melaniatrump at opo discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making america great again http://t.co/xezdajloof 
 via @newsmax_media by @owentew: trump on 2016 run: i would self-fund appoint wall street experts http://t.co/4ya9kjruxe 
 via @bostonherald by eugene r. dunn: iran a clear danger http://t.co/e7knhsxrkt 
 via http://t.co/lw28bfjjdp: only one man up for the job of president  http://t.co/zixfj4shrm 
 @ivankatrump's favorite miami hot spots @trumpgolf @trumpdoral  http://t.co/g4z5rlqdhj 
 jack nicklaus ii gave the best tribute to a parent i have ever heard at yesterday’s congressional gold medal ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus 
 go to @greta show - will be talking about opo and plenty else - enjoy 
 i am on @greta now 
 entrepreneurs: take responsibility for yourself. it's a very empowering attitude 
 entrepreneurs: trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. they're there for a reason 
 entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 with @greta in washington d.c. old post office under construction. tune in tonight at 7pm est! https://t.co/tzztn3udys 
 via @dcexaminer by @escarry: donald trump: @huffingtonpost 'a very dishonest organization' http://t.co/rom3mkb8wn 
 my @foxnews @megynkelly int. on why i am considering running for potus negotiations &amp; making america great again http://t.co/y5aiy0g9b7 
 will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. will be talking about everything 
 in n.h. trump says his business experience would play well in government http://t.co/ubilfwmcyk via @conmonitornews by @ap 
 icymi raw video: donald trump speaks at rep. steve stepanek's amherst reception http://t.co/iccd40yklg via @wmur9 
 via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump says he will decide on a presidential run by june  http://t.co/7ysp5ogugr 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! enjoy 
 @miamiherald discusses our @trumpcollection #trumppets program @trumpdoral: http://t.co/z79gxmsbwk 
 success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill 
 entrepreneurs:  let your actions show that you're the best. see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level 
 entrepreneurs: learn to be succinct. can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? be clear and concise 
 entrepreneurs: set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like 
 trump national golf club los angeles fronts the pacific ocean and has an 18 hole pete dye course. beautiful! http://t.co/gktsmo70jc 
 @trumpsoho new york has interiors by celebrated design house fendi casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. http://t.co/exnwuxupwa 
 trump golf links at ferry point an 18 hole public golf course in the bronx new york is opening soon! http://t.co/xovcybfo0p 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower new york has the perfect manhattan location &amp; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. http://t.co/yefarpjy8h 
 the donald j. trump presidential exploratory committee-http://t.co/waradfgrrf 
 trump national golf club washington d.c. is located on 600 acres and fronts the potomac river. spectacular!http://t.co/kmahbbqlxu 
 corey lewandowski senior political adviser:  "mr.trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness." 
 april is autism awareness month join me in raising awareness - get your light it up blue sign here! #liub http://t.co/qezwontcce 
 entrepreneurs: see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. what's strong? what's weak? what's missing 
 entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment 
 entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. make your work count 
 trump national golf club bedminster new jersey has courses designed by tom fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. http://t.co/4hukflvhkb 
 @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m 
 boy did pharrell &amp; robin thicke get screwed. the marvin gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. get new lawyers fast 
 entrepreneurs: there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. know everything you can about what you're doing 
 entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard &amp; then establish it. simple but not easy. focus 
 entrepreneurs: a winning attitude will put things in perspective. keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture 
 wow little mac miller has almost 100 million views on his song "donald trump." keep pushing mac and come up with another hit - just do it 
 trump international hotel washington d.c. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels http://t.co/5wbrytt23g 
 the problem with the u.s. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. every nation beats us 
 just as i have been saying for many years and while they phony negotiate with the u.s. over nuclear iran is taking over iraq. really sad 
 entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. never give up 
 entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge 
 entrepreneurs: having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface 
 get ready!! the #trumpferrypoint tee sheet opens today @ 10am est on our website for april 1st-30th! @trumpferrypoint 
 the blue monster at trump national doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the cadillac wgc.thanks 
 an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin 
 i am happy to announce that the @pgagrandslam will be held at @trumpgolfla this year! https://t.co/chfxhirqii follow @trumpgolf for more 
 trump international hotel &amp; tower new york has received great acclaim as has our signature restaurant jean georges http://t.co/yefarpjy8h 
 entrepreneurs: remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules 
 entrepreneurs: cover your bases. know everything you can about what you're doing 
 entrepreneurs: keep an open mind. business is a creative endeavor 
 being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artandy warhol 
 the blue monster @trumpdoral was a sensation over the weekend. really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it 
 @kstupples thanks for the nice comments on trump national doral. i’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @trumpdoral 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes 
 today's final round of the wgc cadillac championship will be amazing. a lot of pressure on leader who has played great. big names hunting 
 golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- jack nicklaus 
 i have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. it's called an eraser. -- arnold palmer 
 the harder you work the luckier you get. -- gary player 
 mexico's court system  corrupt.i want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off u.s 
 ringling brothers is phasing out their elephants. ifor one will never go again. they probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs 
 every sport evolves. every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up. -- tiger woods 
 because of rodolfo rosas moya who owes me lots of money mexico will never again host the miss universe pageant 
 despite mexico's interest in again hosting the miss universe pageant it will be because of rodolfo rosas moya that it will never happen 
 i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me 
 the mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. the great champions have all come back from defeat. -- sam snead 
 placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- ben hogan 
 trump national doral will have big crowds this weekend for the wgc. the blue monster is ready for the world's top fifty players 
 the object of golf is not just to win. it is to play like a gentleman and win. -- phil mickelson 
 concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- jack nicklaus 
 the road to success is always under construction. -- arnold palmer 
 we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- gary player 
 just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- https://t.co/qvpkdlz9j3 
 with my friends at the great @adidas boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral https://t.co/rnyzy5tpda 
 all 50 of the world's top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday - sunday for the cadillac world golf championship 
 trump international hotel &amp; tower vancouver will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. http://t.co/af5xy8ohwl 
 entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. that’s good business 
 entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself 
 entrepreneurs:  follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. you alone know where you really want to go 
 entrepreneurs: paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself 
 entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities &amp; possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 via @washtimes by @sethmclaughlin1: donald trump: i want to run for president ‘so badly’ http://t.co/jngqrdnbsy 
 via @oceandrivemag by @suzmcgeenyc: "q&amp;a: ivanka trump on the business of golf &amp; the championships" http://t.co/jhyaqx9ytc 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1:"donald trump slams liberals in ‘dishonest press’: ‘i’m going to start naming names’" http://t.co/7uzpnpj9vk 
 via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: trump: 'i'm the only one who can beat' hillaryhttp://t.co/5ukvhyksvr 
 via @bpolitics by @betbrod trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for potus." http://t.co/iqdfdyhgz4 
 @westjournalism exclusive – we asked donald trump what jobs he would offer isis http://t.co/jroqbdsv6j 
 be sure to watch my #cpac2015 speech with intro by @dloesch and a q&amp;a with @seanhannity http://t.co/unfuojxul1 
 via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: "about that donald trump speech at cpac …" http://t.co/fr4heyfbys 
 via @cbsnews by @reenajf: "donald trump scolds republicans: 'toughen up'" http://t.co/fl25mazhtu 
 via @ppdnews: "donald trump: ‘i am not doing this for fun’ we can’t fix u.s. ‘unless we put right person’ in wh"http://t.co/jga6onysal 
 via @breitbartnews: "donald trump: exec amnesty will make illegal immigration ‘worse than it’s ever been" http://t.co/3awaaxaeis 
 via @nro by @lovelaceryand: "trump slams bush: ‘i don’t see him winning; i don’t see there’s any way’" http://t.co/jwlqrg4k4v 
 "donald trump ready to end @apprenticenbc for white house run" http://t.co/hn3ghzfvfx via via @dcexaminer by @escarry 
 via @time by @lullintheaction: "#realtime: donald trump weighs a 2016 run at #cpac2015" http://t.co/atq0rjzybi 
 interview w/melanie batley via newsmax http://t.co/rozkymxqiw 
 #tbt with the cast of goodfellas https://t.co/jk4tnhdf9x 
 via @unionleader by @tuohy: "trump hires lewandowski as presidential run eyed" http://t.co/stzollcbqa #fitn #makeamericagreatagain 
 via @dailycaller by @alweaver22:trump: obama one of ‘the worst things that’s ever happened to israel’ http://t.co/0a3vkunmbp 
 via @washingtonpost by @costareports: trump says he is serious about 2016 bid is hiring staff and delaying tv gig http://t.co/fzb9ppiavk 
 trump int'l hotel washington d.c.: the iconic old post office building will be one of the world's great hotels. http://t.co/5wbrytt23g 
 so many people are angry at my comments on mexico—but face it—mexico is totally ripping off the us. our politicians are dummies 
 "'good chance' trump will run for president" http://t.co/7vd05vjghk via @newsmax_media by @melaniebatley 
 via @breitbartnews: "‘major coup’: donald trump picks up top iowa grassroots operative for potential 2016 campaign"http://t.co/uytxiz0usp 
 the mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of mexico. pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border 
 trump international golf links and hotel ireland is located on the atlantic ocean in county clare. spectacular! http://t.co/nt7zundgmv 
 trump national golf club los angeles is situated on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific ocean... http://t.co/gktsmo70jc 
 the evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics 
 i could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it 
 put the glamour beauty &amp; mystery back in the oscars and the ratings will zoom. also &amp; most importantly the oscars need credibility 
 i told everybody the oscars were no good—nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history 
 the @huffingtonpost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism as is gross arianna huffington. they don’t report the facts 
 i have a lawsuit in mexico’s corrupt court system that i won but so far can’t collect. don’t do business with mexico 
 the oscars were a great night for mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the us more than almost any other nation 
 the talks between the u.s. and iran are going on forever  world's longest negotiation. obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent 
 i told you the oscars were terrible—bad look bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history.  http://t.co/aoc5aqdvvk … 
 entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. believe in yourself--if you don't no one else will either 
 entrepreneurs: identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level 
 entrepreneurs: review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. don't become complacent 
 ‘the donald’ got a musket http://t.co/azmw0z1lz1  via @fitsnews 
 trump to host #oscars? http://t.co/qnu9o2x8xz 
 my @live5news int. with @williamlive5 in south carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 http://t.co/alh2oa6avq 
 the oscars are a sad joke very much like our president. so many things are wrong 
 what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards. this show is an insult to the past just plain bad 
 worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the oscars. show is terrible really boring 
 going to the citadel tonight - getting the nathan hale patriot award. very nice 
 "donald trump promises 'world-class' crandon park golf course" http://t.co/cxxnyhsvx1 via @wplglocal10 by @glennaon10 
 via @miamiherald by bill van smith: "@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @trumpdoral" http://t.co/6zlcjka6di 
 entrepreneurs: winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. remember to focus on the solution--not the problem 
 entrepreneurs: identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve. have your own vision and stick with it 
 entrepreneurs: difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. remember to keep your equilibrium intact 
 receiving the algemeiner liberty award--a great honor. http://t.co/sgndslzgsg 
 @trumpdoral will be featured on @golfchannel this morning (now) 
 via @businessinsider by @bkcolin: donald trump called the white house and offered to help fix the bp oil spill http://t.co/ixor72mtj5 
 the winner of best in show of the 139th @wkcdogs miss p visited @trumptowerny today- https://t.co/rrcfe1ahjr 
 via http://t.co/tkshfpb8ao  http://t.co/1efi7cgigf 
 gov. scott walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. very interesting! @govwalker 
 congrats to @cheflents of trumpcollection's #trumpchicago on being a james beard semifinalist: http://t.co/maobmmcu4l via @crainschicago 
 entrepreneurs:  ignorance is not bliss it's fatal. it's costly. pay attention or get crushed. watch listen and learn 
 entrepreneurs:  pay attention to your negotiation skills. it's all about persuasion and persuasion is power 
 entrepreneurs: it's often to your advantage to be underestimated 
 record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! the only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols 
 president obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against grand master chess champions. very sad to watch 
 via @fitsnews: "the donald trump show is returning to sc: billionaire mogul heads back to palmetto state" http://t.co/cgf4bp44pv 
 looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s patriot dinner with @senatortimscott in charleston sc this sunday http://t.co/6cuglkdh06 
 via @newsmax_media by cathy burke: donald trump on 2016 bid: on scale of 1-10 i'm 'much more than five' http://t.co/cmbzjvpb4g 
 my joint @seanhannity int. on @foxnews with @geraldorivera recapping @apprenticenbc &amp; discussing the 2016 election http://t.co/qqbhlgsjae 
 the great irish links challenge @trump_ireland &amp; lahinch golf club is coming this june. don’t miss it. http://t.co/0asdowpmsy #doonbeg 
 among the lowest temperatures ever in much of the united states. ice caps at record size. changed name from global warming to climate change 
 the winner of best in show at the westminster kennel club show miss p will be coming to my office this morning 
 by @kwrcrow: ny post caught 'lying' again! http://t.co/wbfc2amfij … "the donald should go far." actually if i run i'll win 
 jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! live at 8 p.m.  #celebrityapprentice 
 paulina @missuniverse vega will be introduced tonight at the finale of celebrity apprentice.she is a great beauty and a monster star in s.a 
 via @wsoctv by @blairwsoc9: "exclusive: donald trump talks possible presidential run"http://t.co/1dpr2ybpu6 
 apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night 
 wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell. global warming anyone 
 #celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. entire cast will be there. who do you like to win 
 as a former host of saturday night live i look forward to attending tonight 
 record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. where the hell is global warming 
 via @nydailynews by @klnynews: donald trump wins lawsuit against joint commission on public ethics http://t.co/lpycf5de5h 
 score one for the donald in his battle with @agschneiderman. http://t.co/lpycf5de5h 
 congratulations to @trumpnewyork @trumpchicago @trumpwaikiki @trumptoronto on your forbes five-star ratings @forbesinspector 
 i look forward to attending saturday night live on sunday night. i am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl  http://t.co/iuzm2vkvvm 
 i still don’t know who i’m going to choose. @geraldorivera or @leezagibbons? who do you like?  @apprenticenbc 
 the entire cast will be back for the live finale of @apprenticenbc monday night at 8 pm 
 #celebrityapprentice two hour live show on monday night will determine who will become the winner of celebrity apprentice.full cast returns 
 @realdonaldtrump stands in defense of @scottwalker's college record @draftwalker16 donald j. trump stands in... http://t.co/53srcopw9r" 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: "donald trump: msm investigation into scott walker’s college a ‘double standard’"http://t.co/amwwjaeh3f 
 #tbt with @britneyspears http://t.co/otapedsyjd 
 entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level 
 entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better 
 entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count 
 mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history. http://t.co/tg2vpj00sv 
 trump national golf club jupiter is close to palm beach and designed by jack nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. http://t.co/4z0jch7pme 
 who should win celebrity apprentice on monday night? show will be telecast live 
 let pete rose into the hall of fame now - 35 years is enough 
 trump int'l golf links &amp; hotel ireland fronts the atlantic ocean in county clare for 2.5 miles. extraordinary! http://t.co/nt7zundgmv 
 entrepreneurs: don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. don't sell yourself short 
 entrepreneurs: having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface 
 entrepreneurs: listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. take responsibility for yourself. it's a very empowering attitude 
 trump national golf club washington d.c. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the potomac river. beautiful!   http://t.co/kmahbbqlxu … 
 brian williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant. he will never again hold court 
 i have long stated that brian williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. now he has proven me correct 
 donald trump congratulated on @foxandfriends for receiving the @algemeiner’s ‘liberty award’ http://t.co/r9fakxomrn via @algemeiner 
 via @bostondotcom by @lilsarg: donald trump on snow salt vaccines and the oval office http://t.co/qofwxjgqwb 
 entrepreneurs: be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort 
 entrepreneurs: be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it 
 entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 via @foxnewslatino by @geraldorivera: @apprenticenbc diary: and now there are two http://t.co/xrlwgxesco 
 the best vision is insight. -- malcolm forbes 
 with america's debt topping $21t by the end of his presidency obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod 
 why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. bill should have hit stammering david much harder! waste 
 @davidaxelrod  i hope your book is better than the obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal boring 
 @davidaxelrod use buffet icahn sam zell leon black kravis caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me 
 watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after i made a big contribution to his charity. i never went bankrupt 
 at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @apprenticenbc.  #celebapprentice 
 don’t forget to watch @apprenticenbc tonight—you will love it! 8 pm on nbc.  #celebapprentice 
 via @newsmax_media by @wandacarruthers: "donald trump: us defeating isis only in john kerry's imagination" http://t.co/tg6pssl3og 
 via @washtimes by eugene dunn: trump could lead u.s. forward http://t.co/mz79okpmfz 
 celebrity apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. watch tonight at 8:00 
 "donald trump plans return to iowa "http://t.co/gy2ccmojfk via @kccinews 
 via @postandcourier: "the donald at @thecitadeloea" http://t.co/gmhwhpchei 
 i predicted rosie o'donnell would fail at the view and was right. now i predict rosie will take over for brian williams 
 word is that sleepy eyes chuck todd who has failed so badly with meet the press will be taking over for now irrelevant brian williams 
 via @newsmax_media by @dpatten32: trump's brand gives him 2016 mojo http://t.co/khpdluqnhl 
 by @kwrcrow: "hey washington post; ‘only you hate donald trump’ or 'is it fear?'" http://t.co/xbedmhdqki 
 happy birthday president reagan #flashbackfriday http://t.co/g2jvqam1ta 
 the golden rule of negotiation: he who has the gold makes the rules 
 entrepreneurs:  look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in get it done get it done right and get out." -- fred c. trump 
 an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin 
 trump int'l golf club turnberry scotland. a legendary course ... and rightly so.  http://t.co/bvslbzta46 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: exclusive — donald trump to speak at cpac http://t.co/mhaqfb4lyh @cpacnews 
 @algemeiner honors @joan_rivers donald trump @yuliedelstein at second annual ‘jewish 100′ gala http://t.co/pbbxb1p2ga via @algemeiner 
 entrepreneurs: be a cautious optimist. i call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks 
 via the washington times  "mr. trump buzzes the presidential radar"   http://t.co/sc14okocf0 
 entrepreneurs:  having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. do your due diligence 
 entrepreneurs: brainpower is the ultimate leverage 
 it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein 
 i just answered my facebook fan's questions in the latest #askthedonald- watch the video- http://t.co/2poo2ywnpt 
 via @newyorkobserver by @bshapiro91: donald trump @melrivers headline @algemeiner gala http://t.co/794zkurran 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower toronto.  #1 in all of canada.     http://t.co/klrqulgpmi 
 via @zawya: trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor https://t.co/ut5s45g1h7 
 must read opinion piece by @gallup ceo jim clifton: the big lie: 5.6% unemployment http://t.co/3speaaolwm just as i have long been saying… 
 entrepreneurs:  be curious. discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success. don't sell yourself short 
 entrepreneurs:  see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. take responsibility for yourself 
 entrepreneurs: don't put blinders on or limit yourself. reach out seek and explore. the opportunities are always there 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades as has sixteen its signature restaurant.  http://t.co/4ojj9nqnuh 
 trump golf links at ferry point in the bronx ny will open soon. a jack nicklaus signature design. beautiful.  http://t.co/xovcybfo0p 
 we’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy isis is beheading people and burning people alive. time for us to wake up 
 via @entrepreneur by @mdmseo : 8 lessons for entrepreneurs that @apprenticenbc emphasizes http://t.co/tiyjdtg1aa 
 #celebapprentice with three wonderful but fired contestants- http://t.co/jtpiv2ve2e 
 congratulations @trumpnewyork for being named in @cntraveler’s top 10 us hotels for business travelers! http://t.co/2lpe4zsnwo 
 trump national golf club washington d.c. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the potomac river. a fantastic setting! http://t.co/pytkbykwt5 
 entrepreneurs: is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? keep things in perspective. learn to expect problems and keep moving forward 
 entrepreneurs: money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card not the final score 
 entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good 
 are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? i don't think so. great danger to u.s 
 must read @ibdeditorials: president obama's amnesty at any price http://t.co/udlybnzgwz congress - use the power of purse! defund amnesty 
 best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00 
 let’s together make america great again! vote trump at https://t.co/yonf60s0lm 
 via @bizjournals by @brandonsawalich: "3 lessons about loyalty that i learned from donald trump" http://t.co/gezdal83qi 
 remember tonight's 8 o’clock episode of celebrity apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @apprenticenbc 
 trump national golf club los angeles on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific ocean--spectacular!http://t.co/lydaxl5hou 
 entrepreneurs: remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth 
 entrepreneurs: paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself 
 entrepreneurs: set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  see yourself as victorious 
 tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it 
 my @foxandfriends int. @foxnewsinsider 'once a choker always a choker': djt takes credit for romney dropping out http://t.co/0qujxws7qh 
 it must have been president obama that called in what will go down as the dumbest play in the history of football. same thought process 
 i wonder if marshawn lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard 
 love that patriots won - brady is best ever! seahawks pass    was dumbest play in the history of football! great going coach b 
 via @globegazette by john skipper: "north iowan says trump serious about potus run - but he'll have to prove it" http://t.co/nfeuo3b7si 
 i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice 
 via @eonline:"@ivankatrump wears @missuniverse 2014's $300000 crown nails beauty pageant winner look" http://t.co/ntdjxommxp 
 @brandiglanville @kenyamoore talk @apprenticenbc feud http://t.co/hwyuttzrhl via @christianpost by virnelli mercader 
 donald trump: 'i will take full credit' for romney dropping out http://t.co/igrdlxovzh via @newsmax_media by @ssfitzgerald 
 i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks 
 @patti_page thanks patti i hope they vote @oreillyfactor 
 whether you think you can or think you can't you're right. -- henry ford 
 now that mitt is gone all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win 
 when i broadly proclaimed mitt choked – and would do it again—everybody said yeah he’s right 
 i will take full credit for mitt romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing trump any time soon 
 president trump? http://t.co/axcrjhl1rx via @miamiherald by wayne e. williams 
 mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco 
 everyone is saying the bad news is that donald trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—mitt wouldn’t have won anyway 
 via @miaminewtimes by @munzenrieder : doral mayor declares emergency to give donald trump key to the city http://t.co/lkk5y2eqwb 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city http://t.co/af5xy8xu3p 
 entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. work on what you will be proud to be associated with 
 entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and then establish it 
 entrepreneurs: knowledge requires patience action requires courage. put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner  
 my int. on @foxnews’ @oreillyfactor: donald trump presidential politics and 'the factor' http://t.co/ckjqfaombd 
 trump int'l golf links ireland in county clare fronts the atlantic ocean &amp; is #1 resort in europe/conde nast traveler http://t.co/nl4ctl2yix 
 congrats to @trumpwaikiki celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 honolulu hotel on @tripadvisor 
 "fallout from iowa: trump speech drew greatest response" http://t.co/kknzwk4kkm via @newsmax_media by jim meyers http://t.co/z3wjymkvdy 
 via @newsmax_media: "trump @oreillyfactor make up after digs at each other" http://t.co/xuponpkrfc 
 via @breitbartnews by @thesharktank1: "donald trump fires entire 2016 gop field" http://t.co/lc5vxakh6k 
 entrepreneurs: there are no guarantees. but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. do your due diligence 
 entrepreneurs:  being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. don't give in and don't give up 
 entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. listen apply and move forward. set the standard 
 many people are saying it was wonderful that mrs. obama refused to wear a scarf in saudi arabia but they were insulted.we have enuf enemies 
 @joewmiller thanks joe 
 @oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. show must be heading in wrong direction too bad!  @sarahpalinusa 
 @sarahpalinusa was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch but we were not on 
 donald trump 2016: 7 political stances of gop presidential hopeful http://t.co/oc3ku4ihvi via @newsmax_media 
 entrepreneurs:  be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. that's good business 
 entrepreneurs: don't tread water. get out there and go for it 
 entrepreneurs:  achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 congratulations are in order! @trumppanama ranks #5 top hotel in panama by @tripadvisor's #travelerschoice awards! http://t.co/otmd9wvzov 
 #trumpvlog obama- stop chewing gum! http://t.co/kcj2p1v9aj 
 my parents:"trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary macleod trump"know everything you can about what you're doing."  fred c. trump 
 @trumpcollection continues to deliver the goods   http://t.co/inym2moquy 
 surprise @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me 
 #indianajones and #ghostbusters- what's wrong??? http://t.co/2nnff6cwli 
 via @njdotcom by eugene r. dunn medford: "donald trump towers over gop field" http://t.co/57tclnshg5 "they hate us because they ain't us." 
 trump: 'never give up' on farmland value rally http://t.co/5bdsbukjoh @terrybranstad @kimreynoldsia @chuckgrassley @senjoniernst @bnorthey 
 by @kwrcrow: ny post caught 'lying' again! http://t.co/wbfc2b3qqn "the donald should go far." actually if i run i'll win 
 getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people 
 i guess rupert murdoch and the @nypost don't like donald trump. such false reporting about my big hit in iowa. even my enemies said "bull." 
 wow i have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in iowa. packed house standing o best speech! sad 
 going over to @abc to do live  at 9:00 
 via @newsmax_media: "trump: i'd be better 'meet the press' host than 'moron' chuck todd" http://t.co/fvi4vg56hb 
 congratulations to the 7 @trumpcollection properties who made @usnewstravel's best hotels list: http://t.co/1ggrepgjlm 
 @lord_sugar how did you enjoy mar-a-lago? it was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific 
 via @conservreview by @jeffjlpa1: "why donald trump is right" https://t.co/1cndfbn175 
 so many people have told me that i should host meet the press and replace the moron who is on now. just too busy especially next 10 years 
 apprentice = big hit. miss universe = big hit. i always get big ratings. if i hosted meet the press instead of sleepy eyesa smash! @nbcnews 
 i am convinced that sleepy eyes chuck todd was only a placeholder for someone else at meet the press. he bombed franchise in ruins! @nbc 
 president obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in new york city as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm 
 wow the final ratings for the miss universe pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on sunday. i have a winner 
 as usual the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time energy and money 
 all new @apprenticenbc starts right now! http://t.co/zufzfbxow2 
 watch celebrity apprentice on now 
 celebrity apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it 
 two of the best ever episodes of celebrity apprentice tonight at 8. totally vicious and crazy! i will live tweet 
 where the hell is global warming when you need it 
 why do people give @karlrove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? http://t.co/mbnmf8d8ji 
 @karlrove spent $400m in 2012 &amp; didn’t win a single race http://t.co/12inrskwgn 
 $ave your $. don’t invest in @karlrove. he doesn’t have a clue. http://t.co/12inrskwgn 
 @venuemagazine_ highlights the opening of @trumpdoral's brand new #redtiger course: http://t.co/vgust5zwn6 
 @missuniverse ratings were great! a big win and a wonderful night! http://t.co/kxljxl69sd 
 via @dmregister :@brentroske on politics: trump talks iowa http://t.co/ncz1wxlk4r 
 a huge honor for @trumptoronto for being named #1 luxury hotel in canada by @tripadvisor's #travelerschoice awards http://t.co/hr6kbhuwbs 
 via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites: donald trump: i can make america great again http://t.co/nywn56zy7t (hyperlinked on @drudge_report) 
 get ready for the apprentice tonight - two amazing episodes. i will be live tweeting 
 don't miss the #missuniverse pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @nickjonas @princeroyce and @gavindegraw http://t.co/gphfqf57fs 
 "donald trump: jeb bush's support of common core 'a disaster'" http://t.co/u40uq0uvgl via @breitbartnews by dr. susan berry 
 via @nydailynews by rich schapiro: "donald trump slams mitt romney jeb bush" http://t.co/s27vscbx6x 
 word is that @nbcnews is firing sleepy eyes chuck todd in that his ratings on meet the press are setting record lows. he's a real loser 
 my speech at yesterday’s @stevekingia @citizens_united iowa freedom summit  http://t.co/abtlprupej via @foxnews 
 @mannypacquiao and friends at @trumpdoral http://t.co/inaq5e1whs 
 via @breitbartnews: donald trump at summit: obamacare a ‘filthy lie’ can build ‘a beauty’ of a border fence http://t.co/ubqphoogi8 
 via @bpolitics by @tdopp: in iowa trump promises to ‘surprise a lot of people’ https://t.co/afpheu9f9c 
 trump: 'seriously considering' a presidential bid http://t.co/lbz0lkyob8 via @nbcnews 
 trump: ‘no way’ bush romney would win in 2016 http://t.co/i5sbc2icqb via @foxnews by barnini chakraborty 
 via @radioiowa by @okayhenderson: trump touts business career but not tv show during iowa speech http://t.co/ovxnpekeji 
 thanks to @stevekingia for the kind introduction at the ia freedom summit &amp; congrats to @david_bossie &amp; @citizens_united on a great success 
 via @thehill by @timdevaney: "donald trump: gop nominee ‘can’t be mitt can’t be bush'" http://t.co/znt7aynbic 
 via @dmregister by @williampetroski: "trump: i can make america great again" http://t.co/4imrhjwe8f 
 via @abcpolitics by @rickklein: "trump blasts romney bush; says gop has 'nobody like trump'" http://t.co/xvuzp1z6lt 
 watch the 63rd annual @missuniverse pageant tomorrow on nbc at 8pm! https://t.co/tyomvujv0v 
 with @c_soules from #thebachelor in iowa- http://t.co/axjdfrfrer 
 via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: "trump to hand out trump memorabilia at iowa summit" http://t.co/gn47z0kffu 
 "trump rails on romney as possible 2016 contender" http://t.co/rjtw8b5byn  via @nypost by @geoffearle 
 via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: "trump: 'i would've won the race against obama'" http://t.co/kvnfjch9yx 
 you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein 
 with oil below $50 the blighted views by windfarms of historic @culzeancastle will be very sad. #saveculzean http://t.co/wqsipblv3o 
 just leaving for @landexpo in iowa--standing room only. my great honor. @peoplescompany  http://t.co/bbihxxkccf 
 just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @apprenticenbc by two shows because it is doing so well. two hours live 
 the @missuniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @trumpdoral- https://t.co/ekhgex278r 
 which national costume do you think should win? http://t.co/a2hpulmf5k 
 which national costume do you think should win? http://t.co/yujgb7ywgj 
 which national costume do you think should win? http://t.co/oorvufxewl 
 which national costume do you think should win? http://t.co/juioe6lrvs 
 #tbt with the wonderful actor jack nicholson http://t.co/vebbozpvru 
 which national costume do you think should win? http://t.co/bqkfzl7f5g 
 entrepreneurs:  everything starts with you. realize that you're in charge.  whatever happens you're responsible 
 entrepreneurs:  see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. put everything you've got into what you're doing 
 entrepreneurs:  use your imagination. use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you 
 they just arrested pol shelly silver in new york. why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@agschneiderman 
 the new winter menu @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @robbreport http://t.co/zgepwoxoi6 
 just watched @patriots bill belichick’s news conference. he did a great job—smart concise truthful 
 only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot 
 the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain 
 dress your best! the trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers the tops style in menswear http://t.co/hotvbibizm 
 congress use the power of the purse. stop amnesty 
 congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #sotu response. joni will be a great senator 
 via @examinercom by @mellyora13: trump: was benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister? http://t.co/mo4yzo2asd 
 via @latinovoices by @caritojuliette: meet the latina 2014 @missuniverse candidates http://t.co/zo80go5zrn 
 be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @apprenticenbc here http://t.co/wih8gdayuh 
 icymi my speech this past monday at the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach http://t.co/2olmwxgruv  #scteaparty15 
 i look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the iowa land investment expo—total sellout crowd http://t.co/bbihxxkccf @peoplescompany 
 miss israel and miss lebanon- "no more fighting!" #trumpvlog #missuniverse http://t.co/w8lwq9c5qs 
 based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in scotland will quickly die! what a mess 
 if scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil they would now be bust 
 with @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! http://t.co/nrtr5bwurc 
 tonight on @extratv i’m talking #celebapprentice. tune-in 
 congratulations to @trumpchicago and @sixteenchicago for receiving the @aaanews five diamond award again this year 
 icymi @ivankatrump’s int. on @todayshow discussing @joan_rivers &amp; contestant rivalries on @apprenticenbc   http://t.co/em7bgj10sm 
 tomorrow on the @missuniverse facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- http://t.co/pmgtzqyrog 
 great list of spring travel ideas from our @trumpcollection properties: http://t.co/ocv2lvqzqf 
 via @thestate by @ap: donald trump: giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run http://t.co/fu98rn59t6 
 with joan rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! http://t.co/f5q4a2rgoz 
 "donald trump to mitt romney: 'you’re fired'" http://t.co/8kjl74pane via @fitsnews 
 via @bpolitics by @griffin "aboard donald trump’s 757 at the south carolina tea party convention" https://t.co/fsb6yvequy 
 tea talk: highlights from monday convention speech from donald trump http://t.co/hbef6td2a8 via @myrbeachonline by @tsn_mprabhu 
 via @wmbfnews: "donald trump puts tea party on map for 2016" http://t.co/qineoozuqz 
 "trump at tea party"http://t.co/mxogywkq8z via @myrbeachonline 
 new episode starting now 
 "trump arrives for sc tea party convention in myrtle beach"http://t.co/gg0evnb5fr via @wcbd 
 "air force trump: ahead of 2016 the donald slams romney bush in south carolina" http://t.co/dimqdf1nxc via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1 
 joan rivers on the apprentice tonight at 8:00. i will be live tweeting. joan was great 
 via @carolinalive by @joelallenwpde:big names wrap up largest ever sc tea party coalition convention http://t.co/52xceywzzp 
 via @myrbeachonline by @tsn_mprabhu: "donald trump states case for becoming potus at sc tea party convention"http://t.co/b3hwgxekxu 
 @foxandfriends  in five minutes 
 the apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. joan rivers puts on a great show 
 i will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. enjoy 
 i look forward to being in south carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd 
 via @nolanews by @davewalkertv: "donald trump praises @joan_rivers as 'strong' 'vibrant' in @apprenticenbc return" http://t.co/x3uztsil1g 
 donald trump to headline sc tea party convention http://t.co/0ja1ys3gxo via @wyffnews4 
 via @fitsnews:  "donald trump knows how to (tea) party - the donald plans splashy landing in myrtle beach s.c." http://t.co/i63pftqv7e 
 monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. our wonderful joan rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the apprentice. amazing 
 via @eonline by @brettmalec: 2014 @missuniverse contestants http://t.co/wjhc5mccmw 
 @ap interview: @missuniverse gabriela isler reflects as her reign winds down http://t.co/wyxhzutgi6 via @yahoonews 
 via @pvpatch by paige austin: trump to donate 12 acres for conservation in palos verdes http://t.co/csif8rp7qe 
 donald trump: i'm not buying the @brooklynnets http://t.co/qloqezdqrt via @tmz_sports 
 via @wtoc11: "donald trump headlines tea party convention in myrtle beach" http://t.co/ktusn6eses looking forward to visiting sc on monday 
 "donald trump donates land to conservation group in palos verdes"http://t.co/l7ffgamoqw via @mynewsla 
 donald trump turns over 11.5 ac.in rancho palos verdes for recreational open space http://t.co/np5y2ob4x4 @dailybreezenews by @meg_barnes 
 via @nydailynews by eugene dunn: trump the nation's great hope http://t.co/fsapohroyp 
 the episode of the apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....joan rivers stars and she is and does great!  next monday night at 8:00 
 despite what the haters and losers like to say i never filed for bankruptcy but wow the preeminent gaming company caesars just did 
 watch: @missuniverse contestants golf with donald trump @trumpdoral http://t.co/4pistxg0g7 via @kyleportercbs by @cbssports 
 looking forward to keynoting the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach on monday at 3:20pm! http://t.co/qkmriotcwb 
 via @linksmagazine: only the donald" http://t.co/6lelosu9rm 
 if the morons who killed all of those people at charlie hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded - no money no success 
 charlie hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. charlie was also broke 
 via @beforeitsnews: watch: see how trump just torched obama biden kerry for snubbing paris anti-terror march http://t.co/xoei6mh1te 
 the new red tiger course at @trumpdoral- http://t.co/6vf0rgkzmm follow @trumpgolf for more great photos 
 icymi @ivankatrump’s @waytooearly int. w/@thomasaroberts on @apprenticenbc's firingstrump int’l dc &amp; @missuniverse http://t.co/x4if2jatza 
 a list golfing buddy! @tegan__martin enjoys golf w/donald trump ahead of@missuniverse http://t.co/gcz1z0xxqb via @dailymailceleb 
 #celebapprentice photo from last night's boardroom. http://t.co/xossbgxztd 
 @nbcapprentice: and the fired celebrities are... http://t.co/wtbjuywphr via @ew by @daltonross 
 via @sunsentinel by @joaniecox: in palm beach nothing trumps the trump invitational http://t.co/nlrakktbeg 
 trump on romney: ‘you just can’t give him another chance’:some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt. http://t.co/moxuqlwg0x via @pjmedia_com 
 via @cbsmiami by @lisapetrillo: trump unveils renovated @trumpdoral red tiger golf course http://t.co/gnjph4qgml 
 #celebapprentice another exciting episode -tune in next monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes 
 #celebapprentice who do you think won 
 #celebapprentice  what do you think of the new teams/pms 
 #celebapprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight 
 @hoganseaisle129: @realdonaldtrump who who who ... say it just say it #celebapprentice watch and see what happens 
 #celebapprentice time for the first firing of the night 
 #celebapprentice #teamvortex or #teaminfinity 
 #celebapprentice selfies- yes or no 
 #celebapprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager 
 #celebapprentice we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery 
 let's go! #celebapprentice 
 #celebapprentice i will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @apprenticenbc at 8pm et 
 my @foxandfriends int.on @foxnewsinsider:'we have no leadership': trump slams obama for skipping paris unity rally http://t.co/fborii03rw 
 http://t.co/cothsixavj lights... camera....you're fired! all new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8pm et on nbc 
 my @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika @joenbc &amp; @thomasaroberts f/@trumpdoral on why romney shouldn't be @gop nomineehttp://t.co/zioosi5vto 
 via @thehill by @hugginsrachel: trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run http://t.co/wso2jxaqf5 
 some of the women on celebrity apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. watch tonight 
 tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  celebrity apprentice. watch you won't believe what happens 
 remember @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. and celebrity apprentice at 8:00 p.m. enjoy 
 will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00 
 get ready for two amazing episodes of celebrity apprentice tomorrow night (monday) at 8:00. some incredible things happen 
 the french police are afraid to go into many  communities. how did france let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape 
 via @wdesmoinespatch by @derekj3031: @shawnjohnson on @apprenticenbchttp://t.co/rrycpuvbib 
 via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: donald trump will deliver keynote address to the sc tea party convention http://t.co/qhakxuh8cc 
 @letterman to donald trump: ‘fire @geraldorivera’http://t.co/evggszmnz1 via @mediaite by @themattwilstein 
 @missusa nia sanchez of nevada is ready for @missuniverse http://t.co/knk0p9jfts via @lasvegassun by @robin_leach 
 via @newsmax_media: donald trump 2016: 8 facts about personal life of gop presidential hopefulhttp://t.co/ue5gcm5npw 
 entrepreneurs:  look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 entrepreneurs: business is a creative endeavor. being innovative = being open to new ideas. keep an open mind 
 entrepreneurs:  be totally focused. know everything you can about what you're doing. give your work 100% of your concentrated effort 
 watch my appearance on @letterman from last night- http://t.co/lguvcktw0g 
 if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- henry ford 
 @ximenanr  great job we are all proud of you - one of our all time best 
 you may want to watch david letterman tonight - i am on 
 via @newsmax_media by @melaniebatley: "donald trump: france's strict gun laws enabled attack"http://t.co/4ykddwrdu1 
 fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence. the criminals will always have guns 
 but if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun. - @dalailama 
 looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘friend of israel’ award at the @algemeiner gala dinner https://t.co/qz2vztqgup 
 to be completed this yeartrump int’l golf club dubai will feature a 7205-yard par 71 &amp; double-sided driving range http://t.co/k6optn6jfo 
 via @arutzsheva_en by moshe cohen: donald trump: french gun control allowed terrorists to succeed http://t.co/3fqxyrh1u0 
 i will be on @letterman tonight. be sure to watch! always a great time. @lateshow 
 #tbt with tommy lee jones at mar-a-lago. http://t.co/mgwznxvqme 
 you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill 
 via @nypost by @starrmss: trump: @apprenticenbc contestants ‘the meanest by far’ http://t.co/prxk25msc1 
 watch @apprenticenbc episode 2 online again via @nbc: nobody out thinks donald trump"  http://t.co/p1kwvr3bzg 
 it's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast 
 goodnight everyone sleep tight 
 politicians are all talk no action!  ---  just look at our country 
 who is paying for that tedious smokey bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already 
 almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. gee i wonder why? the media is usually so brave 
 i would like to thank @golfmagazine for the really nice review of trump national doral - best renovation of the year (and maybe all time) 
 donald trump to address sc tea party coalition at myrtle beach event http://t.co/hbaioxutgf via @carolinalive by @timmcginniswpde 
 via @thestate by @andyshain: donald trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at sc tea party conventionhttp://t.co/cmrineireu 
 remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns 
 isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world 
 if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance 
 congratulations to new congressman @leezeldin being named to house foreign affairs comm. and co-chair the house republican israel caucus 
 why does obama continue to release the worst of the worst from gitmo?! look at paris and wake up 
 my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris 
 the trumps pay tribute to the late @joan_rivers  http://t.co/h7pvsrsxhu via @azcentral 
 via @theybf: @msvivicafox attends a private screening + donald trump donates $25k to @peachespulliam’s kamp kizzyhttp://t.co/kc3cq6qvpq 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: "exclusive: trump to address south carolina tea party convention" http://t.co/jtut7srcnx 
 failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently. - henry ford 
 big announcement coming soon regarding south carolina… 
 via @tmz_sports: donald trump: don't mess up @terrellowens' name. 'i've seen him go crazy at people'  http://t.co/0hita7wzre 
 congress must repeal obamacare. obama will veto while americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums 
 via @dmregister  by @newsmanone: 'moon cycle' can't defeat @shawnjohnson on @apprenticenbc http://t.co/7u8feheg4o 
 via @ew by @daltonross: recap: 'nobody out thinks donald trump'  http://t.co/f7opzebuvs 
 looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the red tiger @trumpdoral. an 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens http://t.co/jbpl1wwf1i 
 congrats to @flgovscott on today's inauguration and having done a great job 
 thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans last night’s @apprenticenbc topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere 
 @juddapatow i agree 
 i look forward to going to the land investment expo in iowa on jan. 23. record crowd—sold out venue. @landexpo @peoplescompany 
 learn more about @trumpintrealty's @mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in nyc- http://t.co/be5l0yhj3s 
 @kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. had he brought lorenzo in he would not have been fired 
 wow despite the switch to monday night @apprenticenbc ratings were higher than even the sunday night show 
 remember after this new episode starts - 5 minutes 
 i will be live tweeting 
 celebrity apprentice starts in 15 minutes on nbc. enjoy 
 via @feminamissindia: @mannypacquiao among @missuniverse 2015 judges http://t.co/69br0caoee 
 looking forward to speaking at @citizens_united &amp; @stevekingia’s iowa’s freedom summit on january 24th http://t.co/0ld0z0fhju 
 remember tonight (monday) the second and third episodes of the apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. great ratings last night 18 - 49. fun 
 you can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @apprenticenbc http://t.co/mivct6zjek 
 via @latimes’ @latshowtracker:monday's tv highlights:@apprenticenbcon @nbchttp://t.co/8c3qckbybq 
 via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: @ivankatrump: @joan_riverswas 'very warm' during appearance on @apprenticenbc http://t.co/ogymqaotcb 
 @peachespulliam at @trumptowerny this afternoon- a wonderful woman. it was an honor to donate $25k to her charity. http://t.co/gwyl31wsfp 
 wow great ratings for @apprenticenbc- http://t.co/yhheubmacn don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8pm on @nbc 
 #celebapprentice we had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so i will do it again tonight from 8-10pm 
 don't forget episodes 2 and 3 of @apprenticenbc are on tonight at 8pm and 9pm on @nbc 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. will be talking about many things including the apprentice 
 i will be live tweeting tomorrow (monday) nights two shows starting at 8:00 p.m. they are both great 
 this show was taped just before the terrible bill cosby revelations came to light.she still should have asked him for money-goes to charity 
 hope you liked it. tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! will be a great evening of television 
 how do you like the boardroom so far 
 this boardroom gets crazy! these people are wild 
 who do you like - hate so far 
 it's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special 
 this is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. you will soon see 
 in less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @apprenticenbc on nbc 
 #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on nbc- http://t.co/enurymhqwe 
 everyone is asking me to cover the apprentice live on twitter. i will do so. tonight 9 to 11. it will be a great evening of television 
 #celebapprentice who will hear those two famous words? @apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on nbc. http://t.co/z6xe3ngz6d 
 via @shinysheet by @soapbox1: show-jumping grand prix returns to mar-a-lago sunday" http://t.co/oze2udexyq 
 via @horsetalknz: florida’s trump invitational to kick off showjumping year http://t.co/kxzzhzqm7s mar-a-lago's 3rd ann. trump grand prix 
 by popular demand i will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @apprenticenbc on @nbc at 9/8c http://t.co/mivct6zjek 
 my @nbcdfw int. by @erickingnbc5 w/@ivankatrump discussing the sunday @nbc premiere of @apprenticenbc’s 14th season http://t.co/ebsfcw5izr 
 i will be commenting live on sunday night (9 to 11) on twitter - celebrity apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast 
 i just saw the movie "unbroken" -- very good except i thought the ending was weak no retribution! and we complain about waterboarding 
 @apprenticenbc season premiere this sunday at 9/8c on @nbc- http://t.co/gd0xoaphnn 
 the mar-a-lago club was amazing tonight. everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. palm beach is so lucky to have best club in world 
 to everyone including all haters and losers happy new year. work hard be smart and always remember  winning takes care of everything 
 in the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish 
 without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there 
 if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable 
 what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate 
 sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war 
 where’s the electability? jeb is losing to hrc by 13 points. a bush will never beat a clinton. wake up @gop 
 the trump signature collection exclusively available at @macys tops all menswear styles. dress to impress!  http://t.co/hotvbibizm 
 this sunday at 9/8c the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! game on in the boardroom... http://t.co/mivct6zjek 
 @coachdanmullen  great to have you and your great team at trump national doral. go out and finish your fantastic season in style 
 if you can’t see it it will never happen. bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. that will build momentum 
 via @inc by @steelwire: donald trump – to micromanage or not to micromanage? http://t.co/ltglyfpmlz 
 donald trump on 'brutal' new season of @apprenticenbc  https://t.co/cv2uncauhw via @yahootv 
 via @carrgaz: trump’s grand plans for @trumpturnberry resort get the green light http://t.co/fy8hh8k6kp 
 via @newsintheburg: @chefjoseandres to open restaurant in trump int’l washington d.c. http://t.co/3uyajojaml 
 sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make 
 if you're going to be thinking you may as well think big 
 deals are my art form. other people paint beautifully or write poetry. i like making deals preferably big deals. that's how i get my kicks 
 @foxandfriends in two minutes 
 can the relationship between the mayor of new york city and the police force ever be fixed?  tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15 
 i will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15" hope you enjoy and agree 
 merry christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! the world with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place 
 so many people think i will not run for president.wow i wonder what the response will be if i do. even the haters and losers will be happy 
 via @newsmax_media by alana marie burke: donald trump 2016: 7 key political positions http://t.co/yq2v2jtkr7 
 latin america’s tallest building @trumppanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the new year in luxury http://t.co/1tbh7n7pz8 
 dummy bill maher did an advertisement for the failing new york times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic bloated &amp; gone 
 negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 entrepreneurs: absorb assess and then act. don't negate your own power. whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it 
 entrepreneurs: realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss 
 so excited to have @santanacarlos performing at the 2015 #cadillacchampionship at @trumpdoral: http://t.co/u0l6wtbfvq 
 congrats @trumpdoral for being named one of the most notable openings of 2014 from @bizbash: http://t.co/eluhp4cdkc 
 plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in nyc's hottest neighborhood using @trumpsoho’s 20% offer http://t.co/6c3dgabgw8 
 entrepreneurs: whatever happens you're responsible. if it doesn't happen you're responsible 
 entrepreneurs:  use your imagination. use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you 
 entrepreneurs: realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge. everything starts with you 
 on @foxandfriends in two minutes 
 will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - monday - at  8:00. much to talk about 
 be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. push yourself you can do it. think big 
 via @townhallcom by @matttowery: why trump should run http://t.co/hnb4dnmm9t 
 the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – walt disney 
 romney was the architect of obamacare. bush’s chief justice legalized the monstrosity. notice a trend 
 #flashbackfriday just after i did my renovation in central park of @trumprink -http://t.co/tjlwpj891h 
 a clinton already defeated a bush. the definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result 
 if only obama would treat @israelipm @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security 
 obama now wants to deny due process to the police. he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops 
 my @greta interview discussing why we do not need another bush http://t.co/jf3ywmvip2 
 not so smart after all … man with name on duke law library must pay me legal fees after trump trial victory 
 should have settled … ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory 
 pigs get slaughtered … again.  ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory 
 another clip from my @greta interview discussing why sony should not have capitulated to the hackers http://t.co/15uzbrw6ws no courage 
 my @wendywilliams appearance re sony atlantic city @apprenticenbc &amp; 2016 http://t.co/adhbeky94j  always love going on wendy’s show 
 the movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @sonypictures 
 amy pascal of sony was totally used by rev. al sharpton. she should be fired for stupidity 
 must read @conservreview article by @jeffjlpa1: jeb bush and the outsiders https://t.co/juwa4ghqkr 
 via @scotlandnow:  donald trump starts £250million overhaul on @trumpturnberry golf resort http://t.co/36jvprc2oh 
 great @foxbusiness interview with @erictrump on @teamcavuto discussing the real estate economy &amp; 2016 http://t.co/njrzjfw065 
 my @yahoo 'power players' interview with @jonkarl "inside donald trump’s new digs on pennsylvania avenue http://t.co/tbtxtxkjny 
 premiering jan. 4th the record 14th season’s @apprenticenbc cast is the nastiest yet http://t.co/zvmhlm2fy6 major boardroom fireworks 
 @nmoralesnbc @thomasaroberts to host 63rd annual @missuniverse http://t.co/dravi9hrbd via @thewrap by @anthonymaglio 
 must watch @ivankatrump interview on @gma discussing #girlpower http://t.co/wvcbajyl8s 
 will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re sony &amp; bush 
 #tbt it is great being part of home alone 2 a holiday staple. http://t.co/z8y0stycwl 
 i'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. be sure to tune in 
 we fully support @saveculzean in turnberry--great for beauty &amp; tourism. wind turbines are death to environment.   http://t.co/ozsf416fok 
 congratulations @trumpsoho for making @cntraveler's #goldlist2015! http://t.co/xugyrjyy6t 
 #trumpvlog #theinterviewmovie a sad day for freedom of speech- http://t.co/eqdh4bkdhp 
 via @newsmax_media by @owentew: donald trump: 'last thing we need is another bush' http://t.co/iupymgzwui 
 after destroying the middle east &amp; our economy the bushes last gift was having justice roberts legalize obamacare. no more bushes 
 in charlottesville va @trumpwinery is virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of french vinifera varieties http://t.co/vm6chhyqjj 
 via @abc by @jonkarl &amp; @jordynphelps: "donald trump says jeb bush is the ‘last thing we need’" http://t.co/3w9wof9w3x 
 via @golfdigest by @lukekerrdineen: @michaelbreed to open golf academy at donald trump’s @trumpferrypoint http://t.co/h1cfqkemrq 
 @washingtonpost by @oconnellpostbiz:donald trump lands @chefjoseandres for old post office flagship restaurant http://t.co/rjwtyasjsr 
 my @foxnews int with @teamcavuto on the state of world affairs economy the bushes etc.  http://t.co/5xuhmmpib1 
 story written by a @huffingtonpost reporter that the huffpost refused to print. total bias but we will prevail! http://t.co/rvf4zhueck 
 i can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. he was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. he will be missed 
 success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill 
 tweet me your new year's resolution to make america great again! #trumpnewyearsres http://t.co/hmfrhuoiwt 
 via @wbjonline by @wbjholan: donald trump hints at presidential run promises 'great luxury hotel' for d.c. http://t.co/ntyuaxhtu7 
 via @thescotsman: donald trump’s @trumpturnberry plan gets go-ahead http://t.co/laze6infgb 
 obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @espn. then he plays golf fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals 
 obama attacks the cia for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the islamist crosshairs 
 via @mailonline by @dmartosko: president trump? says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016 http://t.co/clozaoiwzf 
 the last thing this country needs is another bush 
 donald trump on jeb bush: ‘the last thing we need is another bush’ http://t.co/xki69qmfss  via @fox5newsdc by @emilymiller 
 c-span/conversation with donald trump/economic club of washington dc  http://t.co/onttu3oixf 
 see yourself as victorious! that will focus you in the right direction. – trump never give up 
 with miami’s top #newyearseve vacation package @trumpdoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. http://t.co/wwl6uuhqo8 
 ice skaters invade mar-a-lago as snow falls on palm beach salvation army ball! http://t.co/2sujqyiywn via @gossipextra 
 how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #smokeybearhug commercial. how much is govt. spending 
 via @dailymail by @chriskitching: luxury penthouse at @trumpchicago skyscraper sells for record $17m http://t.co/j095jfo098 
 revenge is sweet and not fattening. - alfred hitchcock 
 30 million americans are unemployed yet obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get amnesty http://t.co/f3gnbzwkc5 
 the cia deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. the cia perseveres the politicians whine 
 the lights went out at the white house today http://t.co/f7z1t5ckbj  symbolic of the obama presidency 
 via @tvgrapevine: @apprenticenbc: premieres sunday january 4 2015  http://t.co/vamrtdbiyn 
 via @washtimes by @harperbulletin: donald trump goes to washington   http://t.co/xxoxehlctb 
 looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ david rubenstein @theeconomicclub. airing live on @cspan at 7pm est http://t.co/onttu3oixf 
 @zagat named christmas day brunch @trumpchicago @sixteenchicago one of the best in the city! #trumpholidays http://t.co/y15fsazdke 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. have a great day all 
 @thereval  @realdonaldtrump http://t.co/vzapdwp6ne"  al sharpton loves "trump" because he knows i get him others don't! check out picture 
 no wonder sony is doing so badly. really stupid leadership that wants al sharpton to help. watch him turn the tables on chief amy pascal 
 can you believe that sony chief amy pascal wants to meet with al sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. al is laughing at her 
 the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. it will just never change for them 
 some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.the marines don't have that problem.- ronald reagan 
 isn't it interesting that immediately after september 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind. no reports 
 when terrorists are beheading and executing american citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns 
 the terrorists cut off the heads of americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000. we fight over sleep deprivation 
 trump tiger team up to create 'stunning' golf course in dubai  http://t.co/rkslhbqjni via @newsmax_media by @jlorenz 
 these islamists chop americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. we should be applauding the cia not persecuting them 
 if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss 
 #tbt my confirmation picture at first presbyterian church in jamaica ny. http://t.co/fzewcdrjz6 
 central park’s top locale @trumprink is open throughout the holidays. our skating school is excellent &amp; acclaimed http://t.co/2fgmjscbga 
 via @breitbartnews by @pamkeynen: trump: obamacare not working for business going to collapse  http://t.co/tgxqnnap9p 
 via @11alivenews by @jenniferjjacobs: trump heads to iowa as '16 speculation rises http://t.co/0ujtvzwpre 
 policy towards our enemies: hit them hard hit them fast hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy 
 obama &amp; democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. the world is laughing at us—they think we are fools 
 i will miss @letterman &amp; doing his show. he was always intriguing &amp; smart. you never knew what would happen --  but he was fair 
 entrepreneurs: cover your bases. know everything you can about what you're doing. then go with your gut. your instincts r there for a reason 
 entrepreneurs:  see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. and never give up 
 entrepreneurs: view any conflict as an opportunity. being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation 
 conde nast made a big mistake going into the world trade center. the place is a total disaster and i feel this is only the beginning 
 people are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new world trade center. durst is a terrible manager. tenants furious 
 durst is a disaster at operating the new world trade center. it takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security 
 generals don't panic; then the troops never panic. - @shaq 
 romneycare/obamacare architect gruber apologized for his comments. he should apologize for the $2t monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money 
 via @citizens_united: donald trump to speak at the iowa freedom summit in des moines on january 24th http://t.co/kaw6eohzi0 
 via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: "trump adds events to his iowa trip next month" http://t.co/30xavfz8a1 
 looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next monday by david rubenstein at the @theeconomicclub   http://t.co/1psf1l8lsp 
 icymi @nypost’s @loisweiss described my monday @icsc speech @javitscenter as one of my best and most riveting http://t.co/9xdfijthlc 
 president obama gruber and all of the other obama cronies got obamacare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. courts should overturn 
 via @golfweekmag by @golfweekbromine: @tigerwoods to design trump course in dubai http://t.co/dhk7ukisfb 
 glad to see romneycare/obamacare architect gruber being eviscerated on the hill today. he should return all taxpayer money he was paid 
 obamacare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. new congress must use every tool to defund 
 very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-intelligence chair dianne feinstein released the cia report. glad she is losing her comm. chair 
 the longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning. - @jacknicklaus 
 with imposing dunes on the rugged aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotland’s championship course is a masterpiece http://t.co/f2buzvsskh 
 via @worldnetdaily by @jerome_corsi: donald trump: obama’s jobless figures ‘phony.’ economists agree.  http://t.co/pkadnlh0x9 
 @damacofficial announces @tigerwoods to create golf course for trump world golf club dubai http://t.co/cnbboxfbdb via @businesswire 
 we're missing a lot of information on autism. support @autismspeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #mssng 
 sorry @rosie is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser. other than that she is just wonderful 
 @golfmagazine is great thanks 
 thank you @golfmagazine for your fantastic review of the blue monster at trump national doral - "best u.s. resort renovation" - &amp; "all time" 
 wow @golfmagazine just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year. even better they stated it may be best of all time 
 our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. now they are about to release full documentation on torture. will destroy cia 
 obama opposes sanctions on iran http://t.co/sgqn0gmc5y they are laughing at kerry &amp; obama 
 "when you have exhausted all possibilities remember this - you haven't."    -- thomas a. edison 
 congratulations to @billcassidy on a decisive win this past saturday. bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy senator 
 the cia report should not be released. puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. a propaganda tool for our enemies 
 via @starsentlive by nick ricko: @kevinjonas @ianziering in celebrity @apprenticenbc first look http://t.co/0vos5qbygd 
 congratulations to @trumppanama for being named one of the best of +vip access hotels for 2014 by @expedia!http://t.co/cregfhwlbe 
 home of @pgatour’s @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral represents all that is miami: energy glamour innovation &amp; luxury http://t.co/3uhjqxzvpu 
 on schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of vancouver’s skyline http://t.co/qmx8k9csoo 
 they should close down rolling stone magazine after the phony rape charge story. university of virginia should sue them for big bucks 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about 
 entrepreneurs: believe in yourself! if you don't no one else will either 
 entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work success will follow 
 i never gave anybody hell! i just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- harry s. truman 
 #tbt with james lipton on the set of @apprenticenbc http://t.co/lg8rlscape 
 failure has a thousand explanations. success doesn't need one. - alec guinness 
 obama is giving social security &amp; obamacare to illegals yet wants to cut military benefits http://t.co/9wotxcby49 disgrace 
 looking forward to speaking at prestigious @theeconomicclub on december 15th http://t.co/vg8kofbn3g 
 @newsmax by @melaniebatley: "donald trump tells why he's eyeing the white house.i'll tell you why he could win." http://t.co/0vv6vuqjxo 
 via nytimes what's your ideal gadget?  http://t.co/h4mcim5zq3 
 you can’t wear a blindfold in business. a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. – trump: how to get rich 
 keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game. – trump never give up 
 broken borders $18t debt obamacare failing &amp; over budget. don’t worry our president is still fundraising http://t.co/s4z0ezwqpn priorities 
 state department has not revoked a single passport of isis americans http://t.co/ixwdz9uo1n  we should send them to gitmo for some r&amp;r 
 congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it. no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. republicans soon hold both houses 
 ring in 2015 in downtown new york’s most elite 5 star hotel. @trumpsoho offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence http://t.co/qbu9t4kj6w 
 with magnificent views @trumpchicago is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings http://t.co/uunq3w1n1z 
 the cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. premieres january 4th on nbc. http://t.co/bqfuiusvcg 
 each excellent thing once learned serves for a measure of all other knowledge. - philip sidney 
 in the very least congress must defund obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order 
 it’s tuesday. how many more ‘the view’ execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? show is failing 
 yesterday our national debt topped a record $18t. over 44% has accrued under obama. a real mess 
 via @peoplescompany: "real estate magnate donald j. trump to headline 2015 @landexpo in west des moines iowa" http://t.co/dmjpfhv86m 
 via @dmregister by @joelaschbrenner: "trump to speak at @landexpo in west des moines" http://t.co/e0c5tcqwte 
 brainpower is the ultimate leverage. keep your focus intact 
 young entrepreneurs: your success is measured by results. be productive in the face of challenges. setbacks are not fatal 
 tickets are now available for the 2015 @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral march 4-8: http://t.co/9em2aedglb 
 so sad that burt reynolds has lost all of his money. i wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell 
 via newsmax. nice article thank you so much.   http://t.co/pvqtjnooua 
 success is dependent on effort. - sophocles 
 lifestyle unveils trump home brand in gcc http://t.co/twopulclzr via @tradearabia 
 no surprise. @rosie is failing on @theview.terrible ratings.malcontent" &amp; another season is "out of the question" http://t.co/rah59q06n4 
 if obamacare should not be repealed then why has obama &amp; congress exempted their staffs 
 obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow 
 via @washingtonpost by @oconnellpostbiz:bidding to stay at trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?pick the next potus." http://t.co/z1v76kgxqi 
 congress’ greatest card against obama is the power of the purse. use it 
 now obama is keeping our soldiers in afghanistan for at least another year. he is losing two wars simultaneously 
 @whoopigoldberg don’t let @rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. she is rude crude &amp; not smart. she is not in your league 
 congratulations to @nycparks on quickly repairing the lasker rink. record skaters this past thanksgiving 
 #trumpvlog @rosie wasn't even a short term fix at the view. http://t.co/iopzn015hb 
 #trumpvlog @rosie needs to rest and relax. it's not working. http://t.co/koj0av2tnr 
 rosie o’donnell went after me again on the view in order to stir up her failing ratings. nothing will help her--@rosie always fails 
 ratings way down show irrelevant. why haven't they learned? @rosie always fails 
 just as i predicted @rosie would fail on the view- http://t.co/p7oajbxskt 
 the u.s.g.a. boy's junior champion at trump national golf club bedminster just won the australian open. we are proud of you  @jordanspieth 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m.  enjoy 
 bill cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. probably guilty! not a fan 
 happy thanksgiving - i hope everyone can get together to make america great again! it won't be easy nothing is but it can be done 
 @tiberias84. thank you! @macy's 
 great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new executive sous chef sydney jones @trumplasvegas: http://t.co/eiqc8x5kyg 
 find something for everyone on your list with this holiday gift guide from @trumpsoho on @trumpcollection's tumblr: http://t.co/zeivu3kqx6 
 there is nothing @trumpsoho did not think about for the holidays - @robbreport dives in: http://t.co/nvlwnuyhxq 
 congrats @trumpchicago for being named #3 best business hotel in chicago in @travlandleisure's 2014 world's best http://t.co/dlq7bdhqxm 
 congratulations to @trumpnewyork for being named #1 best business hotel in nyc in @travlandleisure's 2014 world's best business hotels 
 president obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the african american community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency 
 if you love it own it. @trumpcondoslv bring unparalleled style elegance and world class amenities to las vegas http://t.co/6vj9kya5n0 
 who is the moron who decided to release the ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. what were they thinking 
 our country is totally fractured and with our weak leadership in washington you can expect ferguson type riots and looting in other places 
 sadly because president obama has done such a poor job as president you won't see another black president for generations 
 as china and the rest of the world continue to rip off the u.s. economically they laugh at us and our president over the riots in ferguson 
 can you imagine what putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the u.s. as they watch the ferguson riot 
 if the decision by the grand jury in ferguson was the exact opposite you would still be having the riots right now 
 despite having a black president the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.if obama were a  leader this would not be the case 
 why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! not smart 
 iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal. iran is tapping along our bad negotiators 
 isis is starting its own currency. may be stronger than the dollar if obamacare is fully implemented 
 there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome 
 fact – amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform 
 premiering on january 4th the 14th season of @apprenticenbc will have major fireworks every episode. the board room is electric 
 rated @golfmagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country trump int’l palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes http://t.co/vq05perfxo 
 via @linkedinpulse  by @nicholas_wyman: what all hiring managers can learn from donald trump  https://t.co/cbybysrkgx 
 congratulations to chuck hagel on one of the shortest tenures as sec. of defense. another terrible appointee by obama 
 #trumpvlog hagel quits- http://t.co/b8dph1zegd 
 great #thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @nytimestravel including an option  from @trumpnewyork: http://t.co/4aajvsvqhw 
 defense sec.hagel has quit. great news for our country. the guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. couldn't even speak 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  enjoy 
 tom brady played great today. he is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination 
 do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are racist 
 @aaronschock  aaron it was great to meet you at trump tower. also really good job on television 
 congratulations to bill o’brien on being named the republican speaker of the nh house. well-earned &amp; well-deserved. a great guy 
 be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. that’s good business. – think like a champion 
 trump tower punta del este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. on the sands of playa brava http://t.co/r3vflg2avh 
 intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them. – albert einstein 
 via @suntimes’ @cstearlyoften by @fspielman: council sign rules mean trump name will loom large on river  http://t.co/dcoc00h5ul 
 entrepreneurs:  keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 entrepreneurs:  problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge 
 if you really want to succeed you'll have to go for it every day. the big time isn't for slackers. keep up your stamina and remain curious 
 they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what 
 you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal 
 with multiple space options @trumpchicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding  http://t.co/awvysscdfr 
 awarded 5 stars from @forbesinspector @trumpto offers 261 rooms &amp; 115 suites in the center of downtown toronto http://t.co/sycxjrp5ao 
 if we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous 
 iraq should be paying us while we fight isis. give the money to the families of our brave soldiers 
 @blairkamin sorry sucker as usual you lose again. you couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. bad critic-- great sign. http://t.co/3usyl9qr3u 
 new york city’s iconic architectural masterpiece @trumptowerny houses prime commercial residential &amp; retail space http://t.co/edk291rdmf 
 i enjoyed meeting with @mattblunt @trumptowerny to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. many us jobs are at stake 
 success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - arnold palmer 
 "the trumping of turnberry" via links magazine @trumpturnberry  http://t.co/4k5ub6gyn2 
 repubs must not allow pres obama to subvert the constitution of the us for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ congress 
 i am no fan of bill cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent do not remain silent. you look guilty as hell 
 sneak peek of trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed ailsa course/@trumpturnberry  http://t.co/zaq31ckd5f 
 if you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them. get the word out 
 watch – wh official says that obamacare/romneycare architect gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law http://t.co/l9679gtq82 
 if you like your plan you keep it. = gruber is just some adviser. two of obama’s greatest lies told to the american public 
 open for the 2014 season mar-a-lago club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world http://t.co/oa3je1mgpq 
 get in. get it done. get it done right. get out. – fred c. trump (my father!) 
 via @tv3xpose: @ivankatrump: think pink in the boardroom.  http://t.co/s9kxxeo6ae 
 for those that constantly say that global warming is now climate change—they changed the name. the name global warming wasn’t working 
 power lunching next to the #bluemonster: http://t.co/j1qlsmacki via @urbandaddy cc @trumpdoral 
 there are many jonathan gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the american public is stupid 
 entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success 
 the #womenwhowork campaign from @ivankatrump  http://t.co/vsaaioxhie … 
 the true competitors are the ones who always play to win. – tom brady @patriots 
 obamacare will continue to stop entrepreneurship slow growth and halt research &amp; development. defund repeal &amp; replace 
 remember that some things are worth waiting for. plans can change sometimes for good reason. – trump never give up 
 watch – obama in 2006: i’ve stolen ideas from jonathan gruber http://t.co/obiy0a2osy  and now obama claims he is 'just some adviser.' 
 at least obamacare/romneycare architect gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by obama. gang of liars 
 via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: obama’s amnesty will give illegal aliens public benefits  http://t.co/mdwb8q0mer 
 located in central park the iconic @trumprink is nyc’s top skating rink. vip sessions are available for booking http://t.co/fckfvdy07o 
 icymi my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the gop on obamacare the new congress &amp; 2016  http://t.co/tqe7wreeis 
 congratulations to @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago for being honored with a @michelinguidechi two-star rating again this year 
 chicago don't forget tix for @erictrumpfdn wine tasting fundraiser @trumpchicago 11/22. proceeds benefit @stjude http://t.co/wamclvd9yq 
 just like jonathan gruber viciously lied &amp; called americans stupid on obamacare many consultants are doing the same on global warming 
 looking for an excuse not to cook for thanksgiving? many nyc outlets will delivery a full meal including @trumpsoho http://t.co/gdjavmrmap 
 obama’s china ‘climate’ deal binds america with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while china only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. bad deal 
 how to travel like a billionaire! inside donald trump's £63m private jet http://t.co/hjj179kyar via @travelmail by @andreamagrath 
 obamacare/romneycare architect gruber was paid over $6m with our tax dollars yet obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’ 
 deportations are now at a record low. obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. secure the border 
 via @newhampjournal by @jdistaso: in nh ‘the donald’ hammers mitt jeb as he again weighs a run for president http://t.co/o7wrqlah7i 
 my @wmur9 ‘close up’ int. with @joshmcelveen discussing the midterms the new congress travelling to nh &amp; 2016 http://t.co/cggm7utfep 
 i will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy 
 the entire country is  freezing - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! ice caps size reaches all time high 
 i will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. will be talking about sleazebag jonathan gruber ("americans are stupid") &amp; exec order 
  #laskerrink.  we do not do the maintenance on lasker rink that is done by new york city 
 so obama's top people responsible for obamacare think the american public is stupid! all based on lies and deception! repubs should sue 
 looking forward to addressing @theeconomicclub on december 15th at the marriot marquis washington dc 
 via @necn by @katherinenecn: trump waiting to see who runs in 2016  http://t.co/3lcd80nkft 
 success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal. – mike ditka 
 @trumpferrypoint  a brand new championship golf course in nyc developed by donald trump- and anyone can play it http://t.co/jdzgmlpmdc 
 donald trump pledges to make prestwick airport 'really successful'  http://t.co/jz1dnbqwv1 via @stvnews 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/u83adntvvp 
 left new hampshire for turnberry in scotland which i am renovating. this place is incredible! @trumpturnberry 
 i really enjoyed being in new hampshire &amp; speaking for joe mcquaid @deucecrew &amp; the nackey loeb school @loebschool honoring james foley 
 via @conmonitornews by @cmonitor_jvf: "donald trump guest speaker at event honoring james foley" http://t.co/z8ny5xahly 
 via union leader: "trump leads tribute for slain journalist james foley | new hampshire first amendment awards"  http://t.co/yiqndlslsf 
 entrepreneurs: set the bar high. do the best you possibly can. apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious 
 entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example 
 entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. keep your focus positive 
 obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. net neutrality is the fairness doctrine. will target conservative media 
 live free or die. – motto of new hampshire 
 flying to new hampshire to keynote the @loebschool first amendment award ceremony. always great to visit the granite state 
 press conference at glasgow prestwick airport this friday nov. 14 at 11 am with donald j. trump &amp; mr. iain cochrane http://t.co/9sq7vcbl5o 
 congratulations to @trumpdoral for being named one of @linksmagazine's great destinations: http://t.co/2amxtgxtwq 
 congrats @jean_georgesnyc for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! http://t.co/4caycgehlr 
 looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state 
 today is #veteransday. let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms 
 congrats @sixteenchicago's @cheflents on your chef of the year nom in @eaterchicago annual eater awards- vote now! http://t.co/qmkwce7ifg 
 if you can accept losing you can't win. - vince lombardi 
 the obamacare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. scary and sad 
 looking forward to keynoting the nackey s. loeb school of communications first amendment awards event tomorrow in new hampshire 
 thanks for all of the nice tweets re sgt. tahmooressi. especially nice that the money will be sent today #veteransday 
 via @dmregister:  @shawnjohnson returns to reality tv with donald trump  http://t.co/ranotnemxh 
 my @greta int. discussing $25000 gift to usmc tahmooressi obama’s trip to china &amp; the 2014 election results http://t.co/qohrbhgvxw 
 via @pjmedia_com by @nicholasballasy: trump calls election a ‘big blow to obama… i think he’s in denial’ http://t.co/uu74swyp3d 
 exceptional dining matched with exceptional views @trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options http://t.co/pwsw51dqmw 
 happy #veteransday to all.  and it is nice to have sgt. andrew tahmooressi back home 
 the only source of knowledge is experience. – albert einstein 
 congratulations to @nhgop &amp; @afpfnh for winning control of the state house &amp; executive council while holding state senate. strong results 
 it is my great honor to send $25000 to sgt. andrew tahmooressi. #marinefreed 
 a single ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. stop the flights! no visas from ebola stricken countries 
 happy 5th anniversary to @trumpwaikiki&lt;https://t.co/lu0heblb0w&gt;! can't believe it's already been 5 years 
 each and every new event space at @trumpdoral looks stunning. see the transformation for yourself: http://t.co/g6g101t3kf 
 via @usnewstravel: best new york city hotels: @trumpnewyork http://t.co/9gc3ox3oy6 
 @foxandfriends in five minutes.  enjoy 
 @heatherchilders  you are doing a great job heather 
 i will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m 
 remember we don't get any oil from iraq china gets whatever isis hasn't already taken. so why isn't china sending the troops? too smart 
 do not go back into iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the u.s. 50% of their oil reserves.make the deal dummies 
 we spent two trillion dollars in iraq and got nothing. now we are going back and will again get nothing because our leaders are clueless 
 we are now sending thousands of additional troops to iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run billions wasted! what does u.s. get 
 we should immediately stop sending our beautiful american tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our president’s stupidity 
 autism speaks' bob and suzanne wright will address the pontifical council on health care workers at the vatican in rome. november 20-22 
 @mikeandmike   i will be on the mike &amp; mike show at 7.05 a.m. (espn) - 10 minutes. will be fun great guys! radio and t.v 
 watch this video of my wonderful golf club @trumpnationalcn in beautiful colts necknj- http://t.co/elhmbq30lq 
 @greta: look forward to watching greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with marine andrew tahmooressi. #marinefreed 
 you just can't beat the person who never gives up. – babe ruth 
 via @luxurydaily by joe mccarthy: trump collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for washington debut http://t.co/26f1xs1mml 
 why did @agschneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on election day? and this is our a.g 
 via @lohud  by @hoopsmbd: buzz builds for @trumpferrypointhttp://t.co/ztttvqvsbw 
 my @971fmtalk int. with @dloesch on #handsoffmygun 2014 election results stopping obamacare new senate &amp; 2016 http://t.co/h9srkppzww 
 via @usweekly: donald trump sounds off on joan rivers' death: ‘i think the doctors made a terrible mistake’ http://t.co/uniazztsnj 
 fact – every successful gop senate candidate just elected ran on repealing obamacare. in january it’s time to move 
 via @newsmax_media by @spiccoli: donald trump taking 'serious look' at 2016 presidential run http://t.co/sjfmsn3ose 
 the new congress must restore military spending &amp; stop obama budget cuts. also hold obama accountable on the va 
 @lukebryanonline you were great on the apprentice! congrats on your big cma win. i promise i won't take credit for your successful career 
 obama’s amnesty executive order can now be stopped by majority leader mcconnell with riders. that’s one reason we needed the senate 
 the maryland democrat party attacked me with a racist flyer. @hogan4governor won 2nd gop governor elected in 40 years 
 i recorded robo calls for @perduesenate @leezeldin &amp; @stevekingia. all had record wins. #midastouch 
 yesterday was a referendum on obamacare &amp; all other obama fiascos. republicans can now rein him in 
 obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. there is hope &amp; change for america 
 via @prnewswire: "trump hotel collection™ announces trump® international hotel &amp; tower baku" http://t.co/vcchcquz04 
 congratulations to @charliecrist who has now lost a statewide election in florida as a republican independent &amp; democrat 
 via @nydailynews: "joan rivers' last work for @apprenticenbc will run on two shows next season says donald trump" http://t.co/ry4u1o1cbh 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/iqdo4runhn 
 had @senscottbrown asked me to do a robo call for him i would have done it and he would have won 
 #trumpvlog make our country great again! http://t.co/frbfhtaug7 
 the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa instead of making a deal- http://t.co/b9e5ec9pam 
 @team_mitch   fantastic win we are all proud of you! your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not 
 a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done 
 @flgovscott: amazing race tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor 
 one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough.     tonight everyone is using that    word 
 looking like a really big night for republicans - a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies 
 @team_mitch  congratulations mitch 
 @ericbolling  great job on the five tonight and not only because you were so nice to the apprentice. see you soon and thanks 
 good luck to @joniernst. you will make a wonderful senator 
 today will be a big day @team_mitch for you in many ways. the country is lucky 
 this season’s cast of  @apprenticenbc brings excitement to the board room. lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. enjoy – jan. 4th 
 today the democrats lose big. but tomorrow the republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda 
 via @todayshow by @reehines: donald trump reveals new @apprenticenbc cast talks joan rivers' role on show http://t.co/o4hf7e3hmr 
 today is referendum on obamacare amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies 
 @thomtillis you have run a wonderful campaign. good luck today 
 via @newsmax_media by @wandacarruthers: trump: gop on edge of winning 'big' and forcing obama to act http://t.co/2w8i6wyxtg 
 congratulations to @senscottbrown on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. vote for scott today new hampshire 
 my @todayshow int. with @mlauer announcing the january 4th premiere &amp; cast of the 14th season of @apprenticenbchttp://t.co/o4hf7e3hmr 
 photos from the @apprenticenbc press conference- http://t.co/ipsmy8jsx1. premieres january 4th on @nbc 
 watch to see the new cast of @apprenticenbc- http://t.co/gwjfezeawz 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/brqal0yfg8 
 very excited for @laraleayunaska and @erictrump’s wedding this weekend 
 via @dailycaller @neilmunrodc: obama’s border policy fueled epidemic evidence shows http://t.co/ehz1fsf7mr 
 via @newsmax_media: @repmattsalmon: obama 'didn't lift a finger' to help free marine in mexican prison http://t.co/ia5pt3ikyc 
 a veteran &amp; true conservative @leezeldin will make a real difference in washington. ny-1 gop gotv for lee tomorrow 
 congratulations to @stevekingia and his team on running a great campaign. steve is a strong leader in the house 
 the prestigious 800-acre @trumpdoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 star restaurants  http://t.co/e2bnvqeo0m 
 via @haaretzcom: donald trump calls obama israel's greatest enemy http://t.co/ysumv5xpn8 
 via @breitbartnews by @ianhanchett: trump: obama ‘treats our known enemies much better’ than israel  http://t.co/pa4pwf2ceg 
 @mattginellagc thx for the nice story @trumpdoral. look forward to showing you trump int’l in aberdeen in the spring &amp; turnberry plans 
 i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7) 
 @mattginellagc  don't forget to watch matt tomorrow on morning drive talking about the blue monster and trump doral. @golfchannel 
 @skyscraperlive: nick all of the folks at trump international next door are wishing you well. we will block the strong winds 
 @mattginellagc @gcmorningdrive  matt will be talking about trump national doral tomorrow a.m. terrific guy looking forward to it 
 "michelle nunn will be a rubber stamp for barack obama." - @perduesenate. gotv for david this tuesday 
 obama/reid/nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @perduesenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #gasen 
 strong debate by @perduesenate. no question he won. we need more business leaders with bold vision to fix washington. #gasen 
 wow so far everyone running for office who i did a robocall for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. great 
 @trumpdoral. thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new blue monster 
 @judgejeanine  tonight at  9 p.m. on @foxnews - enjoy 
 they finally let our marine out of a mexican prison no thanks to obama. way too long. such an event should never be allowed to happen again 
 the five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for isis-bad deal! courtmarshal 
 having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still never underestimate knowledge 
 many of the released guantanamo detainees are now fighting for isis and other enemy groups.we need proper leadership before it is too late 
 crazy - election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. this is very bad (unfair) for republicans 
 the achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. – vince lombardi 
 "the art of the deal" = #1 business book. over 3 million copies sold. forbes article from oct. 20 2014. http://t.co/oktcsrx6dq 
 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanama’s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views http://t.co/1rereve10z 
 next tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi. he only wants illegals to cross our border 
 #flashbackfriday @kimkardashian on the set of @apprenticenbc http://t.co/ygc2s6wyge 
 awarded both @forbesinspector five-star &amp; @aaafivediamond ratings @trumpnewyork’s @jean_georgesnyc is fantastic. http://t.co/8ck5pcdfsf 
 happy halloween! http://t.co/fgwbbjk21a 
 @trumpchicago’s spa at trump® offers 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the chicago skyline http://t.co/sgnojxn56s 
 you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. – albert einstein 
 #tbt with my family growing up- i'm on the left. http://t.co/ytjpbpydep 
 jeanne shaheen was the deciding vote for obamacare. premiums have skyrocketed 90% for new hampshire. send @senscottbrown to the senate 
 mark begich votes with obama 97%. he opposes drilling &amp; supports amnesty for illegals. next tuesday vote @dansullivan2014 
 my @newsradio610 int. w/@jackheathradio discussing nickey s. loeb 1st amendment awards dinner &amp; @senscottbrown  http://t.co/rgoh8kq45h 
 sitting at the foot of the whitestone bridge @trumpferrypoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course http://t.co/go0lznir0t 
 via @golf_com by @joepassov: @trumpferrypoint will be one of nation's best public courses   http://t.co/5nh6c4ev9d 
 chinese oil trader just bought record number of mideast crude http://t.co/ocwvpfelji  china gains while we fight isis. what are we doing 
 via @newhampshirecom:tickets on sale for loeb school event featuring donald trump http://t.co/afxkhhrpsm 
 via @investopedia by @swan_investor: "the irreplaceable brand of donald trump" http://t.co/q1ykblklt4 
 happy birthday @ivankatrump! you are an amazing daughter 
 #trumpvlog quarantine the nurse! http://t.co/qdu7xpocq0 
 no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. – samuel goldwyn 
 i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake. just got knocked out of the game. i love being right 
 when you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat. – president ronald reagan 
 conde nast traveler readers' choice awards best resorts in europe: trump int'l hotel &amp; golf links doonbeg voted #1. http://t.co/gayzay2852 
 entrepreneurs: keep an open mind! business is a creative endeavor. there are always opportunities and possibilities 
 entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from africa for 21 days. but he still allows all who contract ebola into country? hypocrite 
 obama admin. called @netanyahu "chickenshit." ironic since bibi was an idf special forces commando while obama was a community organizer 
 donald trump: mitt romney 'blew it' shouldn't run again http://t.co/fjpkdgrpxu via @newsmax_media by @owentew 
 via @newsmax_media by @jagerfile: donald trump: 'morally unfair' to use soldiers in ebola fight  http://t.co/nlgdtdqdby 
 trump on obama: ‘i never thought it would be this bad’  http://t.co/7lcub3l7ra  via @breitbarttv 
 via @mailonline @dmartosko "donald trump says it's morally unfair of obama to send soldiers into ebola hot zone" http://t.co/0qs4hb7ps6 
 my @foxnews interview @seanhannity discussing obama’s failed presidency ebola dc post office midterms &amp; 2016 http://t.co/7h0cbtkocf 
 via @hpcatravel by @alau2: trump hotel reflects youthful luxurious vancouver: ivanka trump http://t.co/mpjhhj6ern 
 in game 7 of the world series tonight the giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against k.c. even with two days rest 
 just out - the polar ice caps are at an all time high the polar bear population has never been stronger. where the hell is global warming 
 the u.s. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the united states under obama. nothing works be it a rocket or website 
 president obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-u.s. citizens with ebola to the united states for treatment. now i know he's nuts 
 watch me on @seanhannity's show at 10pm tonight on @foxnews 
 success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. don't sell yourself short 
 keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 mark udall was the deciding vote for obamacare &amp; now 250000 coloradans were dropped from their plans. vote @corygardner 
 john foust is a liberal who supports obamacare and opposes ebola travel ban. send conservative @barbaracomstock to congress 
 i believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. - @joetorre 
 all the governors are already backing off of the ebola quarantines. bad decision that will lead to more mayhem 
 wh refused a meeting with the israeli defense minister. if only obama hated iran as much as he dislikes israel 
 the perfect getaway @trump_ireland is europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury http://t.co/55f5mad5wu 
 a 34 story luxury highrise @trumpparc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space http://t.co/ek4wg14f5y 
 obamacare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses 
 achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning. don't waste time treading water 
 with our $250m in renovations @trumpdoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection http://t.co/6fyg5yyoym 
 congratulations @trump_ireland for being named #12 resort in europe by the @cntraveler #readerschoice2014 awards 
 6 @trumpcollection hotels made @cntraveler reader’s choice! @trumpnewyork @trumpsoho @trumpchicago @trumptoronto @trumppanama @trump_ireland 
 @jetsetterdotcom in hong kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of new york city including @trumpsoho http://t.co/bviqap1mly 
 thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the ocean view suite @trump_ireland as one of your top 10 suites http://t.co/wakfbju2hk 
 i wonder how officials @texastech feel now after treating coach mike leach with so little respect after their loss to @tcufootball 82-27 
 fox &amp; friends going on now - enjoy 
 will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). a great deal to talk about including ebola quarantine 
 there are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these nfl games that they are no longer worth watching. soft hitting &amp; boring 
 i would absolutely consider investing in atlantic city again great and hard working people but much would have to change-taxes regs. etc 
 yes i won the right to have my name taken off trump plaza in a.c. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and no involvement 
 i made a fortune in atlantic city got out years ago (great timing) and havn't been back in many years. i have nothing to do with a.c 
 with all that is happening with ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to new york obama still refuses to stop the flights 
 yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. – babe ruth 
 there is zero margin for error on ebola. are we confident in obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 billion 
 saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise immediately while we are fighting isis for them http://t.co/16ewj1tsnk what are we doing 
 kay hagan profited off of the stimulus.she just skipped a debate. kay supports amnesty weak border &amp; http://t.co/bmsggfbm8p @thomtillis 
 michelle nunn supports amnesty a weak border &amp; obamacare. she is an obama liberal. send dc an independent voice. vote @perduesenate 
 via @breitbartnews by @j_strong: obama administration quietly prepares ‘surge of millions’ of new immigrant ids http://t.co/sioy6r3rec 
 canadian pm harper immediately called the ottawa attack terrorism. at least north america has a strong leader who lives in reality 
 #trumpvlog obama should be ashamed! http://t.co/gcugltxyzn 
 the ebola doctor who just flew to n.y. from west africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very selfish man-should have known 
 president obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: stop the flights 
 president obama has a major meeting on the n.y.c. ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf 
 i never thought i'd say it in my lifetime but president barack hussein obama aka barry sotoro is a far worse president than jimmy carter 
 i have been saying for weeks for president obama to stop the flights from west africa. so simple but he refused. a total incompetent 
 ebola has been confirmed in n.y.c. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.obama's fault 
 if this doctor who so recklessly flew into new york from west africahas ebolathen obama should apologize to the american people &amp; resign 
 there is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in west africa and who flew into new york has ebola. touched many bedlam 
 double digit premium increases because of obamacare. dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast 
 opening for the 2014 season soon the national register landmark mar-a-lago club is the crown jewel of palm beach http://t.co/oa3je1v5hm 
 the pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @trumpgolfla overlooking the pacific ocean in palos verdes http://t.co/yamdub52wo 
 celebrate thanksgiving @trumpnewyork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th annual @macys thanksgiving parade®  http://t.co/thsm1jfopy 
 tremendous pressure on president obama to institute a travel ban on ebola stricken west africa. at some point this stubborn dope will fold 
 #trumpvlog free our marine! http://t.co/ucl9a7twnq 
 alison grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports obama's anti-gun legislation. vote @team_mitch 
 liberal sd dem candidate rick weiland wants to expand obamacare to single payer &amp; opposes ebola travel ban. send @roundsforsenate to senate 
 dem candidates are all folks who vote with me. – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates 
 via @mediaite by @evanmcmurry: trump calls @agschneiderman a cokehead http://t.co/za3cnmqimo schneiderman is by his own admission 
 congratulations to @dloesch on the release of her great new book #handsoffmygun! check out @theblazebooks excerpt http://t.co/fy5vq450ot 
 via @reviewjournal event offers glimpse of trump high life by holly ivy dore http://t.co/gjdzzwnydn  great interview @erictrump 
 if mitt romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—i don’t 
 an interesting cartoon that is circulating. http://t.co/opg2r2ytkr 
 later today i’m being honored at the park hyatt in washington d.c. by the wharton club. the joseph wharton award dinner. a great honor 
 #trumpvlog south african justice- http://t.co/lwppk6osnl 
 ben bradlee was truly one of the greats. what an amazing life he led. my warmest condolences to dino &amp; the whole family. #benbradlee 
 i'm going to d.c. today to check on the hotel i'm building on penn. ave. and then being honored by the wharton school of finance the best 
 why are we letting the three girls who left the u.s. to join isis back into the country? how stupid has our once respected country become 
 if there is one more ebola case in the u.s. a full travel ban will be instituted. this common sense move should have been done long ago 
 the united states troops which were sent to west africa have only gotten 4 hours of ebola training - very unfair to them and their families 
 the united states under president obama has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." everything he touches turns to garbage 
 the u.s. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of isis as enemy laughs! very sad 
 negotiation is an art. treat it like one 
 don’t believe kay hagan on ebola travel ban. she also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under obamacare. vote @thomtillis 
 obama will let ebola fly into us &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. but he won't pressure mexico on sgt. tahmooressi. #freeourmarine 
 i will be in washington d.c. tomorrow to receive the 2014 joseph wharton award at the wharton club of d.c.—a great honor! @wharton 
 oscar pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. another o.j. travesty.the judge is a moron 
 wow one of the all-time greats in fashion oscar de la renta has just died at 82. great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy 
 oscar pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. ridiculous decision! judge couldn't even read her own writings 
 has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call 
 via @scj by @rodboshart: trump: next president has to be 'great one' http://t.co/xcjdk5yene 
 via @dmregister by @sharynjackson: trump: @stevekingia has 'the right views'" http://t.co/lndc52gfkd 
 icymi you can watch my full press conference with @stevekingia on @shanevanderhart’s @caffthoughts http://t.co/pvfbeym0av 
 via @dmregister by @kobradovich: donald trump: next president needs to be ‘a great one’ http://t.co/dinxhaeqpu 
 congratulations to @trumpcollection’s @trumppanama for receiving the certificate of excellence &amp; top 10 hotels in panama from @tripadvisor 
 congrats to @trumpwaikiki for being named @orbitz best in stay elite award winner for oahu for 2014 
 @agschneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. ny attorney general cannot be a cokehead 
 it’s been stated that dopey ny @agschneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator.  http://t.co/wfuj9ew6hp 
 i was never a fan of bush in fact he was so bad he gave us obama! but obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can't get any worse 
 president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. talking about ebola obama and other strange u.s. happenings 
 i just returned from iowa - what a beautiful state. the people are amazing and the event for congressman steve king was a great success 
 do you believe obama just said that america would be "less safe" with a travel ban from west africa.this is the thinking of a total mad man 
 the lobbyist and political hack that president obama just appointed as the "ebola czar" just missed his first major meeting on ebola-a joke 
 i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great 
 if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if notmexico would pay a price like never before 
 do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? perhaps not 
 14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations. likewise many other nations. but the u.s. = "come on in" 
 @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obama's incompetence http://t.co/syk1zign8y" 
 obama just appointed an ebola czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. a total joke 
 if you can’t see it you can’t make it happen. entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. be positive 
 via @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obama's incompetence http://t.co/syk1zign8y 
 coming soon to pennsylvania avenue http://t.co/g4ynukhuae 
 "donald trump will be on pennsylvania avenue in 2016 &amp; there’s nothing you can do about it" http://t.co/enh8mefxrr by @lilsarg 
 now michelle nunn will not admit she voted for obama. of course she did. nunn supports obamacare &amp; is anti-second amendment 
 the new ebola czar will report to the wh &amp; nsa adviser susan rice. more mismanagement &amp; duplicity with cdc. obama is terrible executive 
 @yusiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  i got much better—no contest—i got melania 
 @piersmorgan russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. without that he would be dead—a first class dummy 
 thank you piers for the wonderful article and also great writing. @piersmorgan http://t.co/lzzodjsiez 
 @katyperry will do much better- http://t.co/dmhykhojvd 
 very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong conservative leader @stevekingia 
 i love seeing that graydon carter and @vanityfair are failing so badly. he’s only focused on his bad food restaurants 
 3rd rate writer vicky ward who begged me for help- see her letters to me. http://t.co/pxscuy27ax 
 looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa. what the hell is wrong with this guy 
 @katyperry  i watched russell brand and i think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost 
 @katyperry  katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser russell brand. there is a guy who has got nothing going a waste 
 great @foxsports art. by @jillpainter on doc river’s annual golf charity event @trumpgolfla. doc is a great friend! http://t.co/uc0khcaa2r 
 @katyperry must have been drunk when she married russell brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology 
 i watched russell brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in russell—a major loser 
 my @stevedeaceshow interview discussing ebola obama’s incompetence &amp; my trip to iowa for  @stevekingia on sat.  http://t.co/pwrusadvr3 
 read about my victory against sleazebag @agschneiderman. more people should fight when they’re right! http://t.co/r1xxuorzo3 
 the ebola nurse should never have been allowed to fly to cleveland and (amazing) back again. nothing works in our once great country anymore 
 i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obama's mental health. why won't he stop the flights. psycho 
 it is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from west africa. do it right now 
 i just had a great victory against lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. most of his case re trump u. was thrown out or gutted. little remains 
 i can't believe that mitt romney would run for president again. he had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race 
 a nurse in dallas who treated ebola patient thomas duncan was allowed to fly to cleveland.she should never have been so allowed! the real jv 
 with all of the words president obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to hear"i'll stop the flights" 
 i don’t think you should ever run from history. you should learn from it and embrace it. -@laclippers coach doc rivers 
 the donald j. trump signature collection available @macys offers this fall’s top styles in ties shirts &amp; suits  http://t.co/hotvbijhri 
 there's nothing like fall in #newyorkcity. see where @trumpcollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:http://t.co/f7qvzvbxsw 
 young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from 
 our president could not make a proper website with $5b. the website still does not work. how can we feel safe about ebola? 
 congratulations to @david_bossie &amp; his team @citizens_united on their important court win for the first amendment! http://t.co/huf0z0mb3v 
 via @newsmax_media by @wandacarruthers: trump: baghdad likely to fall to isis  http://t.co/sosnxltxlw 
 looking forward to returning to the hawkeye state this saturday to support my friend and strong conservative @stevekingia 
 via @stevekingia’s steve king for congress facebook page: donald trump has a special announcement!  https://t.co/iaa0aeehz3 
 my @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@stevekingia discussing my upcoming campaign visit for steve this sat. in iowa  http://t.co/jwb6i1qthx 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of ny. only wants self publicity—a total loser 
 john @cahillforag is one of the most respected people in politics. dopey @agschneiderman is one of the least respected 
 president obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the us who contract ebola 
 obama still refuses to stop the flights. is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - i say both 
 it's tuesday. @agschneiderman is wearing revlon eyeliner today. governor cuomo alerted all to this 
 michelle nunn will be a solid vote for  obama. she supports obamacare &amp; opposes 2nd amendment. vote for  @perduesenate to change things 
 we pay for obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies. then we pay for his golf 
 alison grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary. hypocrite. vote @team_mitch 
 congratulations to @trumpdoral's #bluemonster course for being named one of the 10 toughest courses on tour this year http://t.co/iankmlfj8p 
 if you want more you have to require more from yourself. -- dr. phil mcgraw 
 so many problems in the u.s. and leadership that is hopeless...and now on top of everything else we just hit $18 trillion in debt 
 as isis and ebola spread like wildfire the obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming) 
 can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the u.s. president obama spent the day playing golf.worse than carter 
 "if you never want to be criticized for goodness' sake don't do anything new." -- jeff bezos 
 if alison grimes can’t admit she voted for obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her! vote @team_mitch 
 awarded 5 stars by @visitscotland @trumpscotland’s macleod house &amp; lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece http://t.co/mjpyrxjm23 
 the military generals are fuming at obama. he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail. sad 
 #trumpvlog china is laughing at u.s. http://t.co/gwiy6t8eys 
 happy belated birthday to chris wallace! chris does a great job every week on @foxnewssunday. like father like son 
 just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the general motors building by vicky ward. waste of time! @wileybiz 
 trump int'l golf links scotland awarded 5 star status by scottish tourism chiefs. via mailonline http://t.co/rmjsc6zocj 
 think of this: after we spent $2 trillion on iraq baghdad is about to be taken over by isis 
 the @nfl games are so boring now that actually i’m glad i didn’t get the bills. boring games too many flags too soft 
 even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills i would have produced a winner. now that won’t happen 
 the people of buffalo should be happy terry pegula got the team but i hope he does better w/the bills than he has w/the sabres. good luck 
 wow china exports rise 15% in september. they are laughing at usa 
 @foxandfriends in 15 minutes 
 are nfl games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? in any event i'm just not watching them much anymore 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ebola and isis will be topics 
 i don't know if president obama isn't stopping the flights from ebola torn west africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care 
 here we go - a healthcare worker who treated thomas duncan the man who flew into the u.s. from west africa infected with ebola caught it 
 president obama now bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from west africa before it is too late and stop the flights 
 remember when i said when saddam hussein fell - the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the u.s. even more. welcome isis 
 if a conservative republican made the mistake that mrs. obama just made by calling braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story 
 michelle obama made a terrible mistake in iowa. when endorsing bruce braley before a large crowd she called him bruce bailey seven times 
 isn't it ridiculous starting today new ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from west africa. just stop the flights dummies 
 "i've never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold!"  so nice a quote by fred c.trump about his son donald (me!) 
 do you notice that because of ebola isis etc. obamacare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. a disaster 
 obama: i will control ebola. = obama: if you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan 
 wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. glad i didn't get the bills. rather be lucky than good 
 the @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. boring games--too many flags--too soft 
 the only reason i bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in buffalo where they belong. mission accomplished 
 "sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @mcuban 
 via @clarechampion by @dandanahernews: wind farm proposal near @trump_ireland rejected http://t.co/jyeq5j9e0t 
 via @theinquisitr: americans agree with donald trump 58 percent want flights banned from ebola outbreak countries http://t.co/ghnml8m69i 
 #trumpvlog why are we the sad suckers? http://t.co/uni7sqsqyr 
 @agschneiderman should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by cuomo when he does his commercials 
 lightweight @agschneiderman will probably win only because he is a dem in ny but what a loser 
 lightweight @agschneiderman the worst attorney general in the us is in a tough election with john cahill  @cahillforag 
 "obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take" - @avik 
 seal the deal! hold your business meeting at the luxurious  @trumpnewyork executive board room http://t.co/7qhmbxbvnu 
 obama is making the ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the u.s. by not halting flights from west africa. airport testing a joke 
 if you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed 
 i feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the west africa to fight ebola. their families are up in arms. not trained 
 tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing on news reports the strikes were coming. dumb 
 china is ripping wealth out africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with ebola. "let the stupid americans do it!" sad 
 the residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. buy now if you can 
 the cdc chief just said ebola is spreading faster than aids. marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. stop all flights from west africa 
 obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to liberia to contract ebola. he is a delusional failure 
 via @mediaite by forza_desiderio: donald trump blasts obama on ebola: why are you sending troops? http://t.co/skbrhogbvp 
 congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as editor-at-large for the united states of @mailonline! my apprentice champ 
 my golf club @trumpnationalny in westchester a great place! http://t.co/unbowqex86 
 i have to admit @alexsalmond is a tough smart guy. he is formidable by any standard 
 great news from ireland—clare county council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp; golf course in doonbeg. http://t.co/osvvfgm70m 
 #trumpvlog will our brave soldiers catch ebola? http://t.co/zgbaethnnt 
 right now 4000 u.s. troops are stupidly heading to west africa to help fight ebola.no help from china russia or wealthy african oil nations 
 the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – walt disney 
 the u.s. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from west africa with uncertain results. stop the flights you dumb b's 
 in a little reported event china has just overtaken the united states as the number one world economic power! great going washington 
 even jimmy carter just released a statement saying that obama doesn't have a clue. that has to be a new low 
 obama stop the flights to and from west africa now - before it is too late! can't you see what's happening? can you be that thick (stupid) 
 can you believe this fool dr. thomas frieden of cdc just stated "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in west africa" dope 
 any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked. take them to gitmo for interrogation 
 the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall 
 china has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. we are busy wasting $'s while china builds airports &amp; skyscrapers 
 via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: @stevekingia ramps up with first tv ad trump event http://t.co/emysglpuat 
 my @6abc int. with @jim_gardner on atlantic city philadelphia’s real estate market &amp; 2014 2016 elections http://t.co/uftinxs1us 
 via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump was right on ebola  http://t.co/2rs9vrs6mx 
 entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem 
 vancouver’s most anticipated hotel &amp; residences @trumpvancouver will unveil canada’s first mar-a-lago spa http://t.co/gcgbphrtib 
 stop the flights! http://t.co/cyhrbbapv3 
 today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements. - henry banks 
 isis is advancing even against obama’s airstrikes. obama is disengaged and making the middle east even more dangerous 
 obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. and the back-end of the website does not even work 
 "work underway on first new trump course in dubai; second course in planning" http://t.co/i31czrdeei via @cybergolfnews 
 obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.isis! why isn't china and russia helping - they gain so much 
 i was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. never give up 
 via @newsmax_media by @owentew: trump: 'maybe something miraculous happens' and obama will succeed http://t.co/xqdkeg5z3e 
 real estate taxes are far too high @briarcliffmanor westchester. a total joke how they waste money! replace mayor vescio 
 when will mayor vescio and manager zegarelli repave pine road in @briarcliffmanor?  it is a disgrace 
 be sure to enjoy the ‘50th anniversary chicago international film festival’ at @trumpchicago the windy city’s top hotel 
 via @ibdeditorials: most americans label obama presidency a failure http://t.co/gccjlg5yda 
 usmc andrew tahmooressi should be freed immediately. he never should have been jailed in the first place. weak leaders. #freeourmarine 
 my @gretawire int. on leon panetta's critique of obama ebola rise of isis obama's lack of common sense &amp; 2016  http://t.co/ud5j1txmft 
 via @cnnmoney by @aaronsmithcnn: "the donald wins. trump name coming off casino"  http://t.co/zwt0fkvfkj 
 looking forward to being @trumpsoho this evening for  corporate meeting planners reception for trump national doral @trumpdoral 
 congratulations @jean_georgesnyc for 10 years of 3 #michelinstars! visit the restaurant in @trumpnewyork for a meal you’ll never forget 
 just put in ad for a real estate executive: hard work low pay mean boss 
 kentucky has a chance to have the senate majority leader mitch mcconnell representing it in washington. big power for state. don't blow it 
 i can't believe mitch mcconnell isn't way up in the kentucky polls. massive seniority brings so much power and status to state. brings k.$'s 
 despite the ever increasing ebola disaster obama refuses to stop flights from west africa.it's almost like he's saying f-you to u.s. public 
 obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. but our president does make 100% of his fundraisers 
 i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 7 pm 
 trump to campaign for @stevekingia http://t.co/vgwkvbx1su via @kscj1360 
 via @footwearnews by @kristenmhenning: @ivankatrump works to beat breast cancer http://t.co/ub4r50jrd2 
 donald trump to crown @fiu as miss universe venue http://t.co/2m5yolmyc8 via @miamiherald 
 @donaldjtrumpjr: ‘we want to build everything in dubai  http://t.co/vgteucmik8 via @cwo_dotcom 
 via @dailycaller by @neilmunrodc: trump wants ebola travel ban http://t.co/04thxvev6y 
 @scotgolfpodcast work has not yet begun. we're in the approval phase. it will be amazing. you will love the final result 
 congrats @janineturner on new book "a little bit vulnerable" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum http://t.co/hdvc3gsanw 
 do you think crooked @agschneiderman will ever challenge the nfl tax status? no—too many friends and contributors in @nfl 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. fighting ebola will be a topic 
 i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft. focus on other things 
 what the hell is obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the u.s.! is he stupid or arrogant 
 i don't know what it is but i'm getting totally bored watching nfl football. too many penalties and far too soft! t.v. off and back to work 
 the jets just don't have it. time for a quarterback change 
 president obama i have an idea! pretend that west africa is israel and then you will be able to stop the ebola area flights 
 president obama - close down the flights from ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! what the hell is wrong with you 
 something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: no shaking hands 
 this ebola patient thomas duncan who fraudulently entered the u.s. by signing false papers is causing havoc. if he lives prosecute 
 if ebola is so non-contagious how come an nbc cameraman caught it so quickly while over in west africa? u.s. is behaving very foolishly 
 can you believe that president obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the u.s. from west africa. terrible president 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/w7r1ollv7v 
 really interesting president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa 
 @not_that_actor   wow andy such amazing writing and thought. thank you 
 saw michael jordan and ray allen today playing golf at trump national doral the blue monster. great guys 
 ebola patient duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with ebola. he knew he did and person died 
 how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed 
 the ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. came into contact with over 100 people.here we go-i told you so 
 the brand new hotel at trump national doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in miami.  enjoy 
 i just arrived at trump national doral in miami where i'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. this place is amazing 
 ebola is much easier to transmit than the cdc and government representatives are admitting. spreading all over africa-and fast. stop flights 
 a @aahs5star diamond &amp; green star diamond award winner @trumpgolfla is the nation’s top public course http://t.co/oeivkkzbys 
 designed by @ivankatrump @trumpdoral’s deluxe guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details  http://t.co/bfvxvb453v 
 we have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming syrian ‘rebels.’ what is wrong with washington? 
 obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief? 
 our national security starts at the border. do you think isis &amp; al-qaeda are just in the middle east 
 rated #1 resort in europe by @cntraveler @trump_ireland offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 star lodge at doonbeg http://t.co/uwxhlqecjn 
 how is abc television allowed to have a show entitled "blackish"? can you imagine the furor of a show "whiteish"! racism at highest level 
 stop flights into the u.s. from west africa immediately 
 the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her head.why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest 
 the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other 
 how dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to west africa to fight ebola. stop all flights 
 here we go! i stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from west africa. now we have ebola in u.s. and it will only get worse 
 president obama should stay out of the hong kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!can't even properly police white house 
 "success seems to be connected with action. successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don't quit." - conrad hilton 
 fact--obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the cia or dod. too busy i guess 
 "'everything in dubai': learn from emirate's rebound says @donaldtrumpjr" http://t.co/jv8j6n3ii6 via @emirates247 by @parag1301 
 via @newsmax_media by @wandacarruthers: "trump: 'inconceivable' obama didn't know about isis threat"  http://t.co/2mol3mrxgv 
 keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less. get out there and go for it 
 excited to see @sixteenchicago’s  elevated fine dining explored by @usatoday @10best! http://t.co/f9vnmdh5ip 
 our views trump the rest for the #thanksgiving #macysparade. stay @trumpnewyork for exclusive parade access http://t.co/uh6a7k9xvp 
 36 hrs central park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @trumpnewyork for a bite in @nougatine_nyc. full article http://t.co/dhlnmuxkw0 
 it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee 
 jeanne shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for  obamacare &amp; opposes the 2nd amendment. vote her out in november 
 interesting case from uk re @stellacreasy and abusive troll http://t.co/1zw0zhv5ic 
 obama:i will destroy isis = obama: if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan 
 runaway obamacare spending will cost democrats http://t.co/j3tey8jgrp via @bloombergview by @lanheechen 
 must watch for all georgians @perduesenate’s new ad secure our border https://t.co/khnhd5i13r michelle nunn supports amnesty &amp; obamacare 
 inside donald trump's scottish golf course  http://t.co/5o77c1c4zr via @telegraphsport 
 via @horsetalknz: ny’s central park horse show a huge success  http://t.co/iifjsyupyv 
 johnny miller—great job this weekend. most insightful and tough. see you at doral 
 patrick reed—we are proud to have you as our champion at doral. love the attitude &amp; the play. see you in march at the cadillac wgc 
 @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it 
 @graeme_mcdowell  you are the toughest guy there is. if you were a boxer you’d be the champ. great going 
 @westwoodlee great going this weekend. you are a true champion 
 @ianjamespoulter great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well 
 @justinrose99 the display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. even the best putters couldn't believe it. you're amazing. see u soon 
 @mcilroyrory  what a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. fantastic job see u at doral 
 i thought i was being nice to somebody re their parents. i guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. sad 
 some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said i was a big inspiration to them + pls rt—out of kindness i retweeted. maybe i’ll sue 
 @charlierymergc  charlie call me - we'll set up a match with gary and damon. doral now finished and doing great 
 i will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes) 
 every time i speak of the haters and losers i do so with great love and affection. they cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up 
 i will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @bbcworld. clowns 
 i will be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7.00. a lot to talk about 
 the animal who beheaded the woman in oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. the same fate - beheading 
 i wonder if i run for president will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again? i say they will 
 can you believe we still have not gotten our marine out of mexico. he sits in prison while our president plays golf and makes bad decisions 
 my friend derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @yankees 
 las vegas' most elite destination @trumplasvegas' has 64 stories of golden glass &amp; offers ultimate luxury http://t.co/x4x5eyyr8a 
 success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself. - @jacknicklaus 
 with $250m of renovations trump int'l dc’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be dc's top offering of amenities &amp; views http://t.co/fruepjlajz 
 internationally recognized as an iconic landmark @trumptowerny beams over fifth avenue http://t.co/lmipou4pj9 
 people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's. check them out 
 watching the ryder cup on @golfchannel. very interesting and tough matches. amazing sport my favorite 
 i’ll bet if i didn’t harass apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iphone they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp; breaks 
 @rosie—no offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it!    http://t.co/ag3tyzzxoh 
 when you’re in a fight with a bully always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp; hit fast 
 the u.s. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. just go and do what you have to do 
 go to http://t.co/3aziaqhtvx to help my friend scott brown take back our senate 
 happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday 
 congratulations @trumpsoho on being named a great east coast hotels for teens and families by @parademagazine http://t.co/kzgqic5f34 
 someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that i'm for sen. mitch @mcconnellpress for speaker. i'm supporting him for senate majority leader 
 the 2013 @njpga course of the year trump nat’l bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @pgachampionship http://t.co/5fpbwmcl0n 
 via @bbcnews: donald trump golf clubhouse at menie approved  http://t.co/in1xmfwqyc 
 with terry mcauliffe gov of virginia at the trump winery in charlottesville va--largest on east coast. @governorva http://t.co/onch3wxpwl 
 do more be more give more--and everyone will benefit. – think like a champion 
 offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design  @trumpchicago’s condominiums are world-class http://t.co/yyaajzig4q 
 obamacare data mismatch could leave thousands uninsured http://t.co/11x7ce3mry obamacare is not working and has missed all targets 
 obama administration said that saudi arabia was on syria’s border http://t.co/s4ai85jhse   wrong. these are the civilians planning the war 
 the @forbesinspector &amp; @aaanews 5 star restaurant @trumpnewyork’s @jean_georgesnyc is nyc's top destination  http://t.co/8ck5pcdfsf 
 zegarelli and vescio:  pine road looks like hell. must be re-paved now—very bad for town.  @briarcliffmanor 
 damac &amp; #trump organization are developing a 2nd trump #golf course trump world golf club #dubai at akoya oxygen! http://t.co/hlcygmibkb 
 according to many isis was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide 
 why would the people of kentucky want a rookie senator– they have sen. mitch @mcconnellpress who may be next leader &amp; bring $’s to ky 
 always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. – abraham lincoln 
 now obama is having our army coordinate with iran against isis. what’s next 
 obama’s rollout of his isis war plan is another unmitigated disaster. the generals must be furious 
 from rags to riches and back to rags! http://t.co/npy9nw6fvj 
 interesting article about atlantic city http://t.co/jzu0kobjrm 
 briarcliff manor mayor vescio is doing a terrible job. taxes way too high roads in terrible condition—repave pine road. @briarcliffmanor 
 good morning. i will be on fox and friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). enjoy! @foxandfriends 
 our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. we are unable to move forward painlessly 
 "without passion you don’t have energy and without energy you have nothing!" just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well 
 the nfl should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable 
 the nfl image is really tarnished! now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the nfl will be in big trouble. boring games 
 they just called this the biggest scandal in u.s. sports history (gma). roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front 
 what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate 
 do you believe that obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in syria.isn't sure who they are. what the hell is he doing.will turn on us 
 why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into ebola infested areas of africa! bring the plague back to u.s.? obama is so stupid 
 roger goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. his street smart players are laughing at him and the nfl 
 effective leadership is putting first things first. effective management is discipline carrying it out. - stephen covey 
 brand new selection of trump signature collection shirts and ties @macys.  go check them out 
 the wilson family should thank me. pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me 
 leading by 13 over landrieu in a @foxnews poll @billcassidy will beat her in november 
 china's the leading exporter of iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against isis. why should we do the heavy lifting for china’s gain 
 trump nat’l westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in new york. a great place. http://t.co/swfmzzsaac 
 congratulations to georgina bloomberg on winning the inaugural central park grand prix csi 3*  @mikebloomberg 
 i am convinced that if @alexsalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over scotland the vote would have been much better for him 
 the people of scotland have spoken—a great decision. i wish @alexsalmond well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at aberdeen 
 learn work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction 
 realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute 
 @trumpgolfla is @theknot’s pick for the "best of weddings"  with our vista terrace looking over the pacific ocean  http://t.co/tijmq1oxd0 
 @luigiboria  congratulations on getting the miss universe pageant to come to doral/miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success 
 sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - @vincemcmahon 
 the iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. when will we learn 
 so obama wants to bomb isis in iraq &amp; arm them in syria? what is he doing 
 are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty 
 must read article by @boonepickens &amp; @ambjohnbolton: america’s untapped energy weapon http://t.co/mlckuysmpm we don't need foreign oil 
 with panoramic views of central park &amp; the manhattan skyline 5 star @trumpnewyork offers 176 newly  renovated rooms http://t.co/4wnfquygw8 
 it was a great honor to be on @mikeandmike on @espn. wow the response was amazing 
 great article on so-called climate change formerly known as global warming. http://t.co/feyahq7lgb 
 there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.  -- dean smith 
 on mike and mike @espn in two minutes 
 in order to stop the ebola outbreak in africa perhaps the president should put all africans on obamacare rather than sending the troops 
 success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money. - johnny cash 
 every day mexico continues to hold sgt. tahmooressi is an insult to our country 
 important - @repmattsalmon &amp; @repedroyce will hold a hearing on oct. 1w/usmc sgt. tahmooressi’s mother &amp; wife http://t.co/jiiypl3ske 
 right to play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. a great cause--check it out. http://t.co/lvs6imvftt 
 just met with david perdue @perduesenate. he’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against obamacare. he will win 
 we must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the ebola infected areas of africa—before it is too late 
 entrepreneurs:  believe in yourself. if you don't no one else will either 
 entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less 
 does anybody notice that atlantic city lost its magic after i left years ago. i had the big boxing introduced ufc (ask dana)the best shows 
 can you believe that the u.s. will be sending 3000 troops to africa to help with ebola.they will come home infected? we have enough problems 
 it is so sad to see what has happened to atlantic city. so many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport convention center etc 
 i left atlantic city years ago good timing. now i may buy back in at much lower price  to save plaza &amp; taj. they were run badly by funds 
 if you can’t focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful. believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals 
 don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - calvin coolidge 
 congratulations to obama on building a strong economy. there are 49500000 people on food stamps. a historic record 
 obama’s promise to build an international coalition against isis is already broken. no one trusts him at home or abroad 
 via @newhampshirecom:tickets on sale for loeb school event featuring donald trump http://t.co/afxkhhrpsm 
 via @nbc6: @missuniverse pageant coming to @trumpdoral in 2015 http://t.co/kqvoekljan 
 with championship links @trumpscotland’s world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations  http://t.co/zbvwkzpyyi 
 good luck to the people of scotland whatever their decision may be on thursday. the whole world is watching—really exciting 
 i will be on fox and friends at.7.00 a.m. enjoy 
 i have nothing to do with atlantic city-sold years ago (great timing). for losers and haters i never went bankrupt. plus $10 billion sorry 
 money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game 
 secretary kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting isis. they are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader 
 always be prepared to start. - joe montana 
 obamacare has cut workers’ pay by over $22b &amp; eliminated 350000+ small business jobs http://t.co/adsn1jvf7i repeal before it's too late 
 sen. kay hagan voted for amnesty &amp; obamacare. she is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with obama. vote @thomtillis in november 
 offering river lake &amp; skyline views @trumpchicago’s 339 5 star rooms range from deluxe suites to spa guestrooms http://t.co/ybyppbxgvb 
 the so-called ‘moderate’ syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to isis after obama’s address. we should not be arming them 
 @donaldjtrumpjr’s @cnbc interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury http://t.co/suldq6m1g5 
 via @heraldbusiness by @hannahbsampson: @trumpdoral looking to hire hundreds  http://t.co/ryktw0jrq5 
 with a @sharkgregnorman designed course directly along the water @trump_charlotte is north carolina’s elite club http://t.co/hemvkgrkgv 
 the judge in the oscar pistorious case is a total moron. she said he didn't act like a killer. this is another o.j. disaster 
 my interview on 9/13/01 with a german reporter after visiting ground zero https://t.co/ujc4g64xyn 
 on 9/11 we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom 
 they should have rebuilt the two buildings of the world trade center exactly as they were except taller and stronger. a better statement 
 i can't believe that the judge in the oscar pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. no one has been more guilty since o.j. 
 can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of isis and now we are spending billions trying to get him back 
 tell saudi arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private boeing 747s.pay up 
 middle eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them 
 i just want to know how much is saudi arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. pay up now 
 if obama resigns from office now thereby doing a great service to the country—i will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses 
 attention arnold palmer:  happy birthday arnold. there is no one like you --the king! @kingdommag  http://t.co/cde5tcizdw 
 flashback from october 2013: donald trump demands larger iphone screen http://t.co/5ccg8p8n2o you’re welcome! apple listened 
 imposing dunes on the aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotland’s championship course is a classical scottish links http://t.co/f2buzvbhcd 
 @apprenticenbc: donald trump talks joan rivers http://t.co/8ryhdimj09 via @tvgrapevine by @tvg_sammi 
 38 stories high @trumpwaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services http://t.co/xrxanjj7wb 
 where serenity meets luxury: trump nat’l jupiter’s spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality http://t.co/7pp2mx0h6x 
 i made a great deal of money in atlantic city but left years ago when i saw so many political mistakes being made. i have zero involvement 
 always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - dean acheson 
 windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden eagles. media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse 
 icymi via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on obama’s dangerous disconnect http://t.co/8a5coquag8 
 in '09 obama released the isis chief. the terrorist gloated i’ll see you in new york http://t.co/otwxyrlsop historic nat'l sec. error 
 why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against isis? it puts our troops at a disadvantage 
 fact – obama still has not fixed the backend of the obamacare website. this could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history 
 boasting @aaafivediamond &amp; @forbesinspector 5 star ratings @trumpnewyork’s @jeangeorges features a superb menu http://t.co/8ck5pcdfsf 
 soaring 92 stories @trumpchicago boasts a @forbesinspector 5 star rating for both its hotel &amp; restaurant http://t.co/vxsw4nzjll 
 the trump signature collection  available @macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. dress your best! http://t.co/hotvbijhri 
 new poll states that a record number of americans have lost all faith in president obama - duh 
 "everything you can imagine is real." —pablo picasso 
 learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day. – trump: how to get rich 
 with the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low over 92m americans are out of the work force 
 if amnesty is so popular according to the dc ruling class then why is obama delaying his executive action until after the election 
 home of the iconic ailsa a four time @the_open course @trumpturnberry is a landmark on the ayrshire coastline http://t.co/qmvzjzhtlq 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). enjoy 
 getting ready to pay final respect to great lady joan rivers. she could light up a room like no other! she will be greatly missed 
 we just finished shooting a new season of celebrity apprentice and happily for all joan plays my advisor in two episodes. she was great 
 joan rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. that is why she became a champion 
 i will be going to the funeral of my friend joan rivers today. i got to know her really well when she became the winner of the apprentice 
 one of the big problems facing atlantic city are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which i fought for years before leaving.corruption 
 remember anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me. i sold years ago and left. good timing but very sad 
 i just started construction of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. many jobs. will be finest hotel in u.s. watch it happen 
 attention all hackers: you are hacking everything else so please hack obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth" 
 president obama has just reached an all-time low approval rating! is anybody surprised? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter 
 i'm not saying to not give vaccines i am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child 
 great event last night @trumpwinery with @governorva to support @thevfoundation @uva @vcu http://t.co/0r81wgq4ba 
 the obamacare website was hacked. $5b dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information 
 china is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over $23b in expansion. that would take over 100 years in our country 
 usmc sgt. tahmooressi has now been held in mexican jail for over 150 days. when will obama call for his release? #freeourmarine 
 best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this sunday 
 must read quote by @erictrump in @cnnmoney article builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings http://t.co/2kqksftje0 
 "taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. most of the time you will surprise yourself" -trump never give up 
 the mar-a-lago club the crown jewel of palm beach is a landmark in the national register of historic places http://t.co/oa3je1v5hm 
 in memory of joan rivers- watch when she became my celebrity apprentice- which meant so much to her! http://t.co/8xeii3hndz 
 peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. – pres. ronald reagan 
 joan rivers @joan_rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. her energy and talent were boundless. she will be greatly missed 
 mold yourself into the person who can do big things. – think big 
 senator landrieu if you are a senator representing louisiana then you should own a home in the state. send @billcassidy to the senate 
 any american who fights w/ isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked. if they try to come back in send them to gitmo 
 china continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. obama is sitting by and watching 
 as we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally hope is not a strategy 
 the next generation of luxury @trumpvancouver will be the icon of the vancouver skyline http://t.co/oaguxiaqhh 
 i attended @aerosmith concert last night in newark nj. doesn’t get any better than that. @iamstevent was fantastic great energy 
 so many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. they know far better than fudged up reports 
 i'm not against vaccinations for your children i'm against them in 1 massive dose.spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop 
 trump int'l golf links &amp; hotel ireland fronts the atlantic ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 great irish links challenge http://t.co/oji1aaxa6o 
 entrepreneurs: do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. learn your lessons quickly then move on 
 entrepreneurs:  see yourself as victorious: look at the solution not the problem 
 entrepreneurs: never give up. be tough. apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious 
 entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 entrepreneurs:  put everything you've got into what you're doing. know  exactly what you want and go for it.  nothing should be haphazard 
 "innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -- steve jobs 
 i am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. save our children &amp; their future 
 no more massive injections. tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time over time 
 treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @trumpgolfla’s white sand $250m premiere course http://t.co/l3a3vqrrsc 
 looking forward to being at the @rydercupusa announcement tonight 
 young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. with hard work success will follow. keep your focus 
 the idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. all you have to do is tap into that well. - @jack_welch 
 i succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. - @joan_rivers 
 watch @donaldjtrumpjr and @erictrump accept my #alsicebucketchallenge- http://t.co/ssovwslf7v 
 @wwe: he's answered the call! @realdonaldtrump responds to @vincemcmahon's #alsicebucketchallenge! http://t.co/l0ulrrk5ld #smackdownals 
 the #hyperlapse app in @trumptowerny- http://t.co/c7jh9zyclx 
 "angieapon i think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  it looked good when you slicked it back mr. trump ;) #als" may happen thx 
 saudi arabia should fight their own wars which they won't or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion 
 have you been watching how saudi arabia has been taunting our very dumb political leaders to protect them from isis. why aren't they paying 
 remember this the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. if you see their names or read about them in the newspapers stay away 
 in my book @joan_rivers had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age. something went really wrong that should not have 
 what is happening in atlantic city casino closures is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? timing 
 @joan_rivers   get well soon joan - keep fighting 
 every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority. – think big 
 obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. now he’s about to do it. what will congress do 
 via @mailonline: but did his hair survive? @missuniverse &amp; @missusa dump water over donald trump http://t.co/fixwcpqktv 
 via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump takes ice bucket challenge – dares obama http://t.co/zrfntyysxl 
 good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented joan rivers!  winner of celebrity apprentice amazing woman 
 #icebucketchallenge for those of you who wanted a picture here it is- http://t.co/h346midhzr 
 icymi the als #icebucketchallenge that trumps them all- http://t.co/qqxratlkpp @missusa @missuniverse @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump 
 the als #icebucketchallenge that trumps them all- http://t.co/qqxratlkpp 
 i have asked the reigning miss universe and miss usa to do the honors. at least i will not have to wash my hair this morning! enjoy 
 i will be doing the a.l.s. ice bucket challenge this morning on twitter. it is not something i look forward to doing but is for a good cause 
 we have got to get our marine out of that disgusting mexican jail. would be so easy if we had a real leader. one tough phone call &amp; he's out 
 congratulations to @graeme_mcdowell and @kristinstape. your baby has seriously good genes will be a champ 
 @bovanpelt. bo i heard you were great at trump national westchester - i am not at all surprised. keep playing well you are a winner 
 @vincemcmahon @miketyson @homerjsimpson i think i'm going to accept the #icebucketchallenge- stay tuned to my twitter tomorrow… 
 obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for usmc sgt. tahmooressi! . #bringbackourmarine 
 congratulations to @sethmeyers on emmy’s rating tumble http://t.co/dj9v0vfi30  just as i predicted seth bombed!  
 @trumpchicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city http://t.co/pwsw51dqmw 
 @trumpnewyork is the only forbes 5 star &amp; 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star &amp; five-diamond restaurant in nyc http://t.co/ksradc2zer 
 always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln 
 remember the harder you work the luckier you get 
 @trumplasvegas is sin city’s most elite destination. treat yourself to vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms http://t.co/jjjadfk6io 
 via @cnsnews by @craigbbannister: poll: hispanics blacks call for tighter borders access to illegals' jobs  http://t.co/ik52zksbow 
 a state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous us senator. iowa send joni to dc 
 it’s tuesday. how many jobs has obamacare cost the economy today 
 young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. gain momentum. once you succeed promote yourself 
 via @gulf_news by @joeheim: @ivankatrump: giving back is a priority for me http://t.co/bt1b2rfewv 
 with the record $200m renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in dc) trump int’l washington dc is being built into a national marvel 
 emmy awards show was terrible last night. same shows winning over and over again (politics). amazing race a joke. host seth meyers bombed 
 "he who demands little gets it." - ellen glasgow 
 @newsmax_media: donald trump: isis 'awakens the lion' with journalist beheading (includes @foxandfriends video)http://t.co/sanz3goh7x 
 @senscottbrown is the most competitive gop option against obama’s amnesty loving @senatorsheehan. he can win 
 obama sent weapons through benghazi to isis yet he is holding up shipments to israel. what is he thinking 
 obama’s motto: if i don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win 
 once the isis thug who beheaded foley is identified 100% he should be bunker busted to hell 
 we will now be helping syria and iran by attacking isis - ironic isn't it 
 that seth meyers is hosting the emmy awards is a total joke. he is very awkward with  almost no talent. marbles in his mouth 
 i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 a.m 
 secretary of defense chuck hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb. he can't even speak properly. poor leader in these very dangerous times 
 the greater miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the miss universe pageant. a decision will be made very soon 
 via @chicagotribune by @bob_writes: @trumpchicago tower unit sets resale record at $3.99m http://t.co/cadcdumg6d 
 chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge. – trump: never give up 
 trump nat’l jupiter’s @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging &amp; innovative 7531 yds w/special features http://t.co/yfhjmqbcr9 
 towering over trendy bay street @trumpto offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp; elite amenities http://t.co/lsmgznts6k 
 on beautiful lake norman @trump_charlotte offers a state of the art clubhouse to complement its championship course http://t.co/hemvkgrkgv 
 the trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers high end fashion for men. dress your best. http://t.co/nddxt8l7q3 
 on 800 beautiful acres in miami @trumpdoral boasts 100000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services http://t.co/g8xi6tr8jq 
 46 stories in the center of downtown new york @trumpsoho’s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows http://t.co/awonzfoqow 
 you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. that’s tenacity and it’s critical to success. – trump never give up 
 the isis thug who murdered american journalist james foley may have been gitmo detainee http://t.co/rnhnrta4tv if so why was he released 
 a world-famous testament to architectural excellence @trumptowerny features a 60-ft waterfall http://t.co/w4kukter9i 
 an investment in life luxury &amp; leisure a trump nat’l bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services http://t.co/8k00dzkjcm 
 our politically correct country will read the isis terrorists who beheaded the reporter their miranda rights prior to good food &amp; care 
 isis made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. leadership 
 @assouline_m  thanks monique 
 re negotiation: persistence can go a long way. being stubborn can be good. the key is to know when to loosen up 
 re negotiation: patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level 
 re negotiation: know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. view conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons 
 believe you can and you're halfway there. -- theodore roosevelt 
 the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral 
 destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work. – think like a champion 
 @trumpdoral's golf courses the red tiger the silver fox &amp; the golden palm are on track to open later this year http://t.co/26lwotp3ua 
 est. in 1906 @trumpturnberry is home to the iconic ailsa @the_open championship course four times over http://t.co/fs4pjlpgx6 
 on 59th &amp; park avenue trump park avenue transformed the legendary hotel delmonico into 120 luxury residences http://t.co/y0m1h2q52t 
 on 59th &amp; park avenue trump park avenue transformed the legendary hotel delmonico into 120 luxury residences http://t.co/vjgfwolyke 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/6zzkczeobm 
 keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 when everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around. – midas touch 
 a 7242 yd. masterpiece @trumpgolfla’s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views http://t.co/l3a3vqaoqc 
 "a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- albert einstein 
 if you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough. - albert einstein 
 @wineenthusiast’s highest rated wine in virginia @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality http://t.co/tas3dhp9hh 
 perception about india has changed says donald trump http://t.co/hysdn8mthc via @economictimes by kailash babar 
 via @fortunemagazine by @mcasey1: donald trump plans to build a trump tower in mumbai http://t.co/pvha229oa6 
 just started building one of the great hotels of the world in washington d.c. the site of the old post office. will be amazing - jobs 
 such amazing people in india. this trip is very enlightening 
 i just had an amazing day in mumbai india. building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! press is going wild 
 be ready for problems. you’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective. ask yourself: is this a blip or is it a catastrophe 
 entrepreneurs: resolve to be bigger than your problems. who’s the boss 
 entrepreneurs:  keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - walt disney 
 diligence is the mother of good luck.  - benjamin franklin 
 the @trumpchicago spa offers 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking  chicago skyline http://t.co/ncgbxozz6n 
 if you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result. – trump never give up 
 host of the 2022 @pgachampionship &amp; 2017 #uswomensopen trump nat’l bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf http://t.co/o4bycblewo 
 via @reuters by @sumeet_chat: donald trump plans investment in india betting on modi government http://t.co/7hnski8eya 
 just watched full metal jacket can't believe r. lee ermey didn't win the academy award as the drill sergeant. political nominations 
 robin williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. one of the few people who could make me laugh. very tragic 
 do not view any failure as the end. learn your lessons quickly then move on. – think big 
 remember that fear can be conquered. go full throttle and the odds will be on your side. – trump never give up 
 we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. -   vince lombardi 
 a spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by @sharkgregnorman @trump_charlotte is nc’s top club http://t.co/hemvkgahev 
 @trumpnewyork’s 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of central park &amp; nyc http://t.co/ksradcl8sz 
 @ivankatrump’s @foxnewssunday power player of the week interview with chris wallace http://t.co/sypaqrw0gi 
 the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain 
 sorry won't be doing fox &amp; friends this morning - will be in india on a couple of major business deals 
 we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. respect 
 the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected 
 if you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. -   sun tzu 
 same cdc which is bringing ebola to us misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year http://t.co/ax7ihxdcmz  be careful 
 "ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says cdc chief"  http://t.co/2we9qvjd17 
 obama will send troops back into iraq combat zone. don’t believe anything he says. just covering for his mistakes 
 with 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics trump nat’l philadelphia is a golf treasure http://t.co/pmstadcvl2 
 iraq is more dangerous today than any time under saddam. war was a mistake as i said from the very beginning. bush &amp; obama should apologize 
 via @nypost by editorial board: new york’s mute @agschneiderman http://t.co/th2ptcea0y schneiderman is feckless and corrupt 
 @nypost: dozens of key staffers fleeing @agschneiderman’s office http://t.co/dg79urfhsi 
 one of @golfworldus’ top public courses @trumpgolfla's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf http://t.co/l3a3vqaoqc 
 the new winner of the @missteenusa pageant k. lee graham http://t.co/x93j9waeqv 
 what other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like obama is doing with isis. whatever happened to the element of surprise 
 sorry i won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 am on monday—will be in india 
 obamacare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 http://t.co/778bc2kjxe elections have consequences 
 these are something i just can't buy. excited for the @usopen http://t.co/adntge2nak 
 discipline is a key ingredient for success. it will build character motivation and bring opportunity 
 young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success 
 located in south ayrshire scotland @trumpturnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion http://t.co/bvslbzcx26 
 with over 260 5 star guest rooms &amp; suites @trumpto is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown toronto http://t.co/wn2mfnxqbz 
 vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good 
 investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present 
 remain open to new ideas. that's where innovation begins 
 learning never exhausts the mind. -- leonardo da vinci 
 secure the border! build a wall 
 the belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-winston churchill 
 thanks @mickyarison for your nice statement @bltprimemiami @trumpdoral. i just want to do as well as you have with @miamiheat. see u soon 
 think big. stay focused. be passionate. don’t ever give up 
 congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. rush has revolutionized talk radio! sorry haters and losers 
 the village @trump_charlotte offers a variety of 5 star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp; catered affairs http://t.co/u2pgqiqenp 
 we are going through contentious primaries now but the gop must unite. let’s take the senate and stop obama’s dangerous agenda 
 the $200m in renovations of trump int’l washington dc are on track. the old post office is being transformed into true luxury 
 it’s tuesday. how many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will obama hold today 
 the ultimate vacation destination @trumppanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind http://t.co/b99neilc5z 
 congratulations to @ivankatrump on being named the @foxnewssunday power player of the week http://t.co/iezjd4xlft 
 via @lasvegassun by eugene r. dunn: impeach obama and elect trump http://t.co/58cvey6piw 
 thank you @elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the @erictrumpfdn for @stjude! click here to donate: http://t.co/jyoblbjntj 
 being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way. – midas touch 
 doctors have already died treating ebola http://t.co/l9dlh09oib  we should not be importing the disease to our homeland 
 our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. our leaders are inept 
 so many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for ebola to the u.s. started in small area of africa and now spreading fast 
 the bigger problem with ebola is all of the people coming into the u.s. from west africa who may be infected with the disease. stop flights 
 a doctor on nbc nightly news agreed with me-we should not bring ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them 
 achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 focus on your goals not your problems. don't tread water. get out there and go for it 
 briarcliff  manor should get a better town manager. philip zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov 
 mayor bill vescio of briarcliff  manor westchester is doing a terrible job. horrible roads high taxes housing down. @westchestergov 
 one of the tallest office buildings in downtown nyc 40 wall street is a classic art deco building http://t.co/58vtvh02dw 
 we should have taken the oil in iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. really dumb u.s. pols! i'm so angry 
 isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. i told you so 
 @frankluntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser 
 the fact that we are taking the ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the united states is absolutely crazy-stupid pols 
 the u.s. must immediately stop all flights from ebola infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." act fast 
 if you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed - that our president and therefore "leader" is grossly incompetent 
 the obamacare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought and it doesn't work! big trouble 
 so many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the world. such stupid leaders 
 just as i have been predicting for years iraq will fall to the people that hate  the u.s. the most - just outside of baghdad."keep the oil" 
 the u.s. cannot allow ebola infected people back. people that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences 
 @david_cameron  why do you give scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; e bills 
 @david_cameron as prime minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in scotland that nobody wants 
 if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing you're right. -- henry ford 
 obama’s war on women. number of unemployed women increased in july by 227000 http://t.co/k4jrpl5wj9 
 sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. don't lose faith. - steve jobs 
 @bltprimemiami @trumpdoral’s signature restaurant has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse http://t.co/3rgcqjtyvu 
 stop the ebola patients from entering the u.s. treat them  at the highest level over there. the united states has enough problems 
 ebola patient will be brought to the u.s. in a few days - now i know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. keep them out of here 
 if our border is not secure we can expect another attack. a country with open borders is open to the terrorists 
 with our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise. fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs 
 developing your talent requires work and work creates luck. – trump never give up 
 trump int’l palm beach offers a spectacular course with hill vistas bunkers and incredible water features. http://t.co/vq05peibnk 
 if vera coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in palm beach florida 
 vera coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offer—thanks vera 
 vera coking made a big mistake in atlantic city by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530000 
 from abc news: "in demand: washington's highest (and lowest) speaking fees"  by scott wilson http://t.co/mhwxx9w5ok 
 @trumpchicago’s river lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 star guestrooms http://t.co/ybyppbppjj 
 i support k-9’s for warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. please contact http://t.co/td7woa23um 
 "it takes guts to be a brand. you cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand." - midas touch 
 in order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure 
 in any business there will be ups and downs. if you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times 
 each life is made up of mistakes and learning waiting and growing practicing patience and being persistent. – rev. @billygraham 
 it's time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obama’s war on coal. this november send dc a message vote for @capitoforwv 
 home ownership is at a 19 year low. if you can buy now. you will thank me later 
 obama should work on a ceasefire in chicago as well as gaza 
 pm @david_cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of england’s money to subsidize windfarms in scotland 
 i can’t believe that prime minister @david_cameron is giving massive subsidy to scotland to destroy itself with windfarms 
 each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @trumpnewyork provide a sophisticated urban appeal http://t.co/ksradcl8sz 
 via @prnewswire: central park horse show to make inaugural debut in nyc sept 18-21  http://t.co/snrdkuumxs i am proud to be a sponsor 
 watch this tour by @trumpintrealty's @m_griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in trump park avenue-http://t.co/7uw24pyrq2 
 @andre_reed83. congratulations andre you deserve it 
 celebrated doctor @billcassidy will be a tremendous senator. louisiana – send a conservative to the senate vote for bill this november 
 environmental regulations stop border patrol from protecting 40% of the border http://t.co/4zukrmbwt6 a coup for the migrant democrats 
 when in doubt obama fundraises. he has held 393 fundraisers in six years. another record 
 youth unemployment is at a record high. obamacare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. it must be repealed 
 watch – obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty 
 my @foxnews @gretawire int. on the border crisis #bringbackourmarine &amp; obama’s ineptitude &amp; the economy   http://t.co/dzwcy2kisn 
 along with two championship courses on the potomac river @trumpgolfdc’s also offers limitless social events  http://t.co/gy4ovflmhp 
 obama spoke to the mexican president last week &amp; did not mention umc sgt. tahmooressi. sad 
 get our marine out of mexico. http://t.co/cwpffbxab7 
 be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges. – trump never give up 
 the ultimate golf experience @trumpturnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful ayrshire coastline http://t.co/fs4pjlpgx6 
 rise high in affordable luxury. trump parc stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces http://t.co/wctwtdllk2 
 it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast!  it's now climate change 
 successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- reed markham 
 central american presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration http://t.co/jcuswrr8k6  obama will soon apologize 
 the republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. how could they lose to obama? 
 obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole 
 this summer is very tough for the nation’s worst ag @agschneiderman. moreland commission is his disaster 
 opening in 2016 trump hotel rio de janeiro will be a 13-story 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view http://t.co/gwja7bg58n 
 watched gennady golovkin @gggboxing at msg on saturday night. he was fantastic--should fight @floydmayweather 
 @trumpscotland provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship par 72 7400 yd. course. book your tee time now http://t.co/g2go1lkrhg 
 so many major problems for the u.s. and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change?  many of our difficulties are so easy to solve 
 @latenightseth  i am not surprised that seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! he is truly an awkward mumbling jerk. too bad 
 making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- andy warhol 
 be objective and strive to be your own counselor. listen to others but know the final decision is yours. – think like a champion 
 along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold @trumplasvegas’ pool deck overlooks the city of lights  http://t.co/svrpumufi4 
 an architectural landmark @trumptowerny offers sweeping panoramic views of fifth avenue http://t.co/l2rbqbqusv 
 age is whatever you think it is. you are as old as you think you are. - @muhammadali 
 within the heart of beautiful somerset county trump nat’l bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 @pgachampionship http://t.co/o4bycblewo 
 i say we cannot continue to let obama fly around on air force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics &amp; play 
 i had a great time in d.c. yesterday at the trump international hotel- opo groundbreaking ceremony. watch- http://t.co/mbbjtsbcz1 
 sgt.thamooressi has been held in mexico for 115 days. mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. boycott!  #freeourmarine 
 it's not whether you get knocked down it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi 
 winners embrace hard work. - @espndrlou 
 donald trump: $200 million d.c. hotel will be among world’s best http://t.co/c6uayckdhd via @wnew 
 iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war. we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion 
 the best way to build a successful business is by results. in the end that is what counts 
 less than 1% of obama’s $4b immigration request will go towards immediate border security. a real scam. enforce our laws now 
 obama is on yet another two-day west coast fundraising swing. has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation 
 today's groundbreaking at the old post office building in d.c. was amazing. great people great dedication. @usgsa  http://t.co/q5naour0zs 
 @trumpchicago’s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences http://t.co/aiqkahdfyf 
 @usgsa a momentous day. great job on old post office--we will make you proud 
 wow obama really put it to israel by canceling flights there. this puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. tourism and more will just stop 
 article: more illegals enter than people born in state each week.  http://t.co/mpi7qyw2r2 
 why is washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our va is still in shambles? vets should be the priority 
 going to d.c. for big groundbreaking on old post office site. will be spectacular new hotel. lots of jobs 
 we are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the world needs great leadership 
 you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill 
 thanks @liljon for coming to my defense in rolling stone magazine. as i have often said you are a terrific guy 
 the trump spa @trumpnewyork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms http://t.co/r4jcnlyo9x 
 trump int’l palm beach offers an award winning par 72 championship measuring 7326 yards. florida's top course http://t.co/zvteh9ngya 
 @trumpdoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges http://t.co/7tgnnje2er 
 concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - bill russell 
 obamacare strikes again. major insurer announced that over 53000 new yorkers will be dropped from their plans http://t.co/g0kgli10sh 
 it takes guts to win fortunately most people don’t have guts!" -- donald j. trump 
 i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is 
 it takes "guts" to win 
 i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the u.s. and throughout the world that he has totally given up 
 obama wanted putin to reset. instead putin laughed at him and reloaded 
 many people have said i’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences 
 it’s monday. how many fundraisers will obama hold today 
 @jimmykimmel is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous 
 re negotiation: realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute 
 remember the old saying "the more you learn the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. learning is a daily challenge 
 give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery 
 every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – babe ruth 
 the donald j.trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers top styles in  menswear. dress your best http://t.co/hotvbi2epi 
 a top rated ny course by @golfdigestmag @trumpnationalny provides award winning services and exceptional facilities http://t.co/swfmzzb78c 
 @mcilroyrory  great job rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. work hard and win many more! see you at turnberry 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! too bad 
 never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - f. scott fitzgerald 
 create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - orson welles 
 in beautiful pine hill trump nat’l philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of philly skyline http://t.co/qly2hzvaab 
 see yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact. it’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  think like a champion 
 the honolulu accommodations of @trumpwaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function http://t.co/oppgmqk0l0 
 always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln 
 adversity is a fact of life. be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights &amp; all will be well – trump never give up 
 the 48000 sq. ft. spa @trumpdoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments http://t.co/3o2dtsrf9n 
 problems are never truly hardships to winners &amp; if you haven’t got any then you must not have a business to run 
 @trumpturnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of edwardian tradition and timeless design http://t.co/b1iad4zlcb 
 winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi 
 congrats to obama &amp; democrats. cbo has just announced that obamacare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700b+ 
 you can always become better. - @tigerwoods 
 if obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing. gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration 
 obama claims that he needs an extra $4b to secure the border. well then he should not have wasted $5b on the obamacare website 
 out of clutter find simplicity. from discord find harmony. in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.–albert einstein 
 the acclaimed @trumpchicago soars 92 stories high. you’re either staying in @trumpchicago or in its shadow. http://t.co/2mpwsprdtz 
 "no matter what you're managing don't assume you can glide by. you have to work to maintain your momentum." - trump: how to get rich 
 awarded the prestigious 2014 @forbesinspector 5-star guide @trumptoronto is located in beautiful downtown toronto http://t.co/fykancqplh 
 the best vision is insight. -- malcolm forbes 
 john cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for new york state attorney general. @cahillforag 
 lucky for new york highly respected john cahill is running for ny state ag against incumbent lightweight dope @agschneiderman @cahillforag 
 again i have nothing to do with the atlantic city closing - i have not even been there in many years. some press was accurate some not 
 tremendous cold wave hits large part of u.s. lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - g.w. just doesn't work 
 diligence is the mother of good luck. -- benjamin franklin 
 it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein 
 designed by @jacknicklaus trump golf links at ferry point's 18-hole course sits by the bronx's whitestone bridge http://t.co/qk4hmyw2yf 
 @trumpnationalhv features wide open pristine fairways tour caliber greens 64 strategically placed sand bunkers http://t.co/eiqaiz9nmg 
 mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. mexico does not respect our border or u.s. boycott! #freeourmarine 
 trump: illegal immigrants are getting treated better than vets http://t.co/ryy1nnsrdp   via @nro by @andrewe_johnson 
 on stunning aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotland features a classic scottish link threaded through the dunes http://t.co/f4uokka43u 
 rickie fowler @therealrickiefowler instagram photos | websta http://t.co/r3gb5ttnnx via @websta 
 iran looks like it is toying with john kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. negotiation is just not his thing 
 the @washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in atlantic city but knowingly failed to report that i am not involved left years ago 
 can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the u.s. for the freedom of traitor bergdahl. just another bad deal 
 deserter bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. obama trying to play this mistake down 
 the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak u.s. leader 
 the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex - give me a break 
 they only changed the term to climate change when the words global warming didn't work anymore. come on people get smart 
 refloating the costa concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune 
 it is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. no wonder their ratings are way down! enough already 
 record cold temperatures in july - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. what the hell happened to global warming 
 again for all of the haters and losers i have nothing to do with atlantic city - got out a long time ago 
 i can't believe that 60 minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of u.s. leadership). stupid 
 the harder you work the luckier you get 
 i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love a.c. 
 my @breitbartnews’ @biggovt editorial: ‘a country that cannot protect its borders will not last http://t.co/hya9v8kax8 
 the three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: hard work stick-to-itiveness and common sense.  -- thomas a. edison 
 success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill 
 via @cbsla: "donald trump fights to keep large american flag flying at southland golf course" http://t.co/5ob1ifajzp 
 on the luxurious palos verdes peninsula @trumpgolfla features @golfworldus' top public course &amp; elite restaurants http://t.co/knzbqhh9fi 
 my @ingrahamangle interview on the border crisis usmc tahmooressi &amp; my fight for the american flag http://t.co/j7avrbuatc (15:00 mark) 
 ""@zraph @realdonaldtrump @pma1048 can't wait to go back. best hotel in chicago!" thanks 
 mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader 
 mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief 
 @justinrose99 great playing today in the scottish open. i see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot 
 on june 1st. near washington d.c. i will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the u.s. all holes front on the potomac river 
 rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb - other than that i like her very much 
 rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster 
 if a person is #1 at harvard and comes from europe or asia they can't get into the u.s. from mexico etc. with a criminal record no problem 
 you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein 
 don't fight the problem decide it. – general george c. marshall 
 you have to keep going and moving forward no matter what is happening around you or to you. – think like a champion 
 let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you. – trump never give up 
 honolulu’s best @trumpwaikiki features a dozen distinct tropically decorated hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts http://t.co/acjokrlezy 
 mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. the mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by 
 when will the u.s. stop sending $'s to our enemies i.e. mexico and others 
 usmc sgt. tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. while obama is welcoming illegals our marine is locked in a mexican jail. #freeourmarine 
 my conversation from on the record   @gretawire http://t.co/hmf9hrj1i7 
 our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to mexico no friend until they release marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into u.s 
 central america's tallest building @trumppanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind http://t.co/92lmc5gk6m 
 @alexsalmond i hope you played well at royal aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate 
 the most stringent gun laws in the u.s. happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there 
 obama looks exhausted and beaten. he was never made or prepared for the job. like it or not he doesn't have "it" 
 congratulations to @yankees derek jeter on being named to 2014 @mlb @allstargame 
 obama is in texas but will not be visiting the border. he is too busy fundraising 
 featuring @bltprime &amp; palm grill @trumpdoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options http://t.co/ydhg340pxq 
 located in the beautiful countryside of mooresville @trump_charlotte has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities http://t.co/y04jvkfsan 
 in the heart of midtown new york @trumptowerny is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily http://t.co/lxpzxxbdhk 
 as you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks. – neil young 
 there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border usmc sgt. tahmooressi. boycott mexico? #freeourmarine 
 we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place 
 if only the illegals were tea party members then obama would get them out of the country immediately 
 high above the city @trumplasvegas’ pool deck mixes business &amp; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold http://t.co/vteca3vnz4 
 set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like. – think like a champion 
 opening in 2016 @trumpvancouver’s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp; 63 stories http://t.co/hkcl1rs6ke 
 thank you to @golfweekmag for naming trump international golf links scotland #1 -- gb&amp;i best modern course  -- a great honor 
 just looked at new selection of donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts @macys  -- fantastic! would make great gifts 
 "be a yardstick of quality. some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- steve jobs 
 listen to others but never negate your own instincts. – trump never give up 
 our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president. he was never qualified for job 
 the immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. we need new leadership fast 
 america is the experiment that works. – president ronald reagan 
 your tax dollars well spent. over 1.295m obamacare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants http://t.co/ve85kbl3vt  are you surprised 
 obama’s statement that illegals can’t stay = obama’s promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it 
 historic change! obama has spent over $44m of our money on travel expenses the most for any president http://t.co/cou4hhard4 
 via @dallasnews’ @neighborsgo by heather noel: shelton school graduate receives handwritten note from donald trump http://t.co/mzeiagribs 
 nyc’s sole hamman the bi-level @trumpsoho features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services http://t.co/rnuggskyab 
 buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- sir john templeton 
 let this be the day you go for your dream. focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it 
 @trump_charlotte  i heard the fireworks show was amazing. such a great club deserves it! see everyone there soon - fantastic place 
 happy 4th of july to everyone  including the haters and losers 
 do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in iraq look bad or what? everybody wants their oil - only made possible by u.s. 
 after foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the u.s. will be the only one who won't get the oil in iraq 
 always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln 
 to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  ralph waldo emerson 
 "if you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency." - think like a champion 
 @sharkgregnorman @trump_charlotte looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course"  thank you 
 with an elite course designed by @sharkgregnorman @trump_charlotte is north carolina’s most desirable club http://t.co/guyxtgjvhd 
 offering two championship courses @trumpgolfdc has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp http://t.co/0ylxb0gtit 
 via american spectator  @amspec "trump card" by jeffrey lord  http://t.co/ba1tzpxj89 
 donald trump unveils vision for @trumpturnberry http://t.co/utitly38bm via @bunkeredonline by @mmcewanbunkered 
 i never quit trying. i never felt that i didn't have a chance to win. -- arnold palmer @kingdommag 
 there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice 
 achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 @guardian_sport by @mrewanmurray:donald trump’s transformation will make @trumpturnberry open worth the wait http://t.co/sezidfh2lu 
 via @bbcscotland: donald trump's name 'will boost @trumpturnberry ' http://t.co/inznh7m187 
 trump turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon  scotland time. the place is amazing 
 champions aren't made in the gyms. champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision.  muhammad ali 
 awarded the renowned 5-star @forbesinspector rating the 65-story @trumpto brings style luxury &amp; impeccable service http://t.co/h94nmj1qyx 
 make your nyc getaway memorable -- @trumpnewyork provides both true luxury and top access to midtown west  http://t.co/iblo0bnpta 
 trump int’l washington d.c. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp; enjoy opening 2016 http://t.co/vrjshw63za 
 entrepreneurs:  stay focused and be tenacious. remain fixed on your goals 
 entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don't no one else will either 
 entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious: look at the solution not the problem 
 "i'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." steve jobs 
 amazing. people are sending letters of support for @trumpchicago’s sign to my other properties including even @trumpscotland. thank you 
 what can you learn today that you didn't know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can 
 the more you know the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything 
 business is a creative endeavor. cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big 
 i look forward to my press conference @trumpturnberry scotland this wednesday--lots of great people attending 
 "have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - think like a champion 
 a testament to american ingenuity @trumptowerny shines over fifth avenue as one of nyc’s most iconic buildings http://t.co/x4aqbiovv5 
 always remember i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! hilary couldn't mccain couldn't 
 i am in ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful atlantic ocean property. it is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! doonbeg 
 ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you 
 #flashbackfriday many big movies have filmed in my buildings. here is @trumpchicago in #transformers 3. http://t.co/ez0fefqz0d 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business out of new york for his own public relations benefit. a real dope 
 i know shia labeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober a really nice guy. must get act together fast before too late 
 i just arrived in barcelona. i make a big speech tomorrow and then off to ireland and scotland 
 practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental 
 realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute 
 success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less 
 control your own destiny or someone else will. -- jack welch 
 our q1 gdp was -2.9%. worst in memory --  obamacare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure 
 #tbt filming an oreo commercial with eli manning peyton manning and darrell hammond- http://t.co/fhybjy3cgq 
 i'm leaving now for ireland spain scotland and elsewhere--crazy life 
 after these spirited primaries are over @gop must be fully united for november. if we take the senate we stop obama’s agenda 
 via @newsmax_media by @melaniebatley: trump-backed candidate @leezeldin wins ny gop primary http://t.co/tboajvpcp6 
 @bretbaier’s newly released book ‘special heart’ brings a message of hope. all sales donated to heart charities http://t.co/27tk90cuko 
 exclusively @macys the donald j. trump signature collection features the best ties &amp; shirts at the best prices.  http://t.co/vrkl8bmj7g 
 someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit 
 as iran began the process of taking over iraq many people wanted me to say that i told you so! – so i told you so 
 …in other words secy john kerry is so out of his element… 
 secy john kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. sad to watch 
 eli wallach was a great actor and a great guy. my opinion-- his performance in the good the bad and the ugly was his all time best 
 i look forward to my press conference on weds of next week @trumpturnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment i'll make. very exciting 
 america's top public course @trumpgolfla’s greens on palos verdes peninsula have been celebrated by @golfmagazine http://t.co/d9rh0bwm7f 
 failures are expected by losers ignored by winners.  -- @coachjoegibbs 
 it’s thursday. which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst ag @agschneiderman wearing today 
 if you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty why would you abide by other laws? no amnesty 
 now syria is bombing iraq and secy. kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don't do that. syria is a front for iran 
 boycott mexico until they release our marine. with all the money they get from the u.s. this should be an easy one. no respect 
 trump tower punta del este features the trump organization's signature superior quality detail &amp; perfection http://t.co/wrvyizdlsz 
 congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. i hope my robocalls helped!  #ny1 
 the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain 
 in the center of ireland’s rugged west coast @trump_ireland offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a spa http://t.co/ddigs42aqm 
 the only way to do great work is to love what you do. if you haven’t found it yet keep looking. don’t settle. – steve jobs 
 another cover-up. obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country http://t.co/h8whm3htvf no surprise 
 the 9.11.12 attack on the benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. when will all the 50+ fighters face justice 
 the benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our vets at the va. obama has his priorities 
 a @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. chris is a constitutional conservative who'll make a difference in washington 
 i am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in buffalo where it belongs 
 i hope voters in mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. he is strong he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in washington 
 great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. we love you at trump jupiter @tngcj 
 flashbk – trump: ‘i would build a border fence like you have never seen before’http://t.co/4xemnwrsb8 via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites 
 always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- arnold palmer @kingdommag 
 it’s monday. how much will premiums rise today because of obamacare? repeal 
 must read @nypost editorial on $40m nyc taxpayer settlement to central park thugs -- "wilding for profit"  http://t.co/0ge8jhipd7 
 the failing @nydailynews which just raised its prices because it’s dying said i wear a wig when they know i don’t. dishonest 
 the dying @nydailynews asked me to do an editorial on the central park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. loser newspaper 
 i wonder if when secy. kerry goes to iraq and afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at global warming and study the carbon footprint 
 do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him 
 @graeme_mcdowell   great playing graeme - you are a true champion 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends at 7 a.m. - 10 minutes.  much to talk about enjoy 
 i'd bet the lawyers for the central park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of n.y.c. when there was such a strong case against their "clients" 
 how much money are the lawyers for the central park five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid  by the city (or both) 
 n.y. city is paying forty million dollars to five men that many think are guilty as hell. so many facts -  should have been trial. politics 
 i loved the day paul goldberger got fired (or left) as n.y.times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. kamin next 
 why isn't mexico releasing our marine. u.s. should come down really hard on them. they have zero respect for our so-called "leader" 
 listen – my citizens united political victory fund robo-call for @leezeldin http://t.co/zmtwd13knw #zeldinforcongress 
 the @amspec interview by jeffrey lord: "a trump card - the donald talks politics and parenting." http://t.co/r6oseg7s1m 
 must read! my @chicagotribune editorial: "i love chicago ... and my sign!" http://t.co/m399hdnrhr 
 from the wall street journal: "google steps into autism research" re @autismspeaks http://t.co/bpeeb6bxgm 
 when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others. – think like a billionaire 
 competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - bobby jones 
 #tbt saturday night live http://t.co/x49jkxeyxj 
 i actually enjoyed the piece re sign @thedailyshow. could it be that i’m starting to like jon stewart 
 @primeministersx has no clue what’s going on in st. maarten. mullet bay is a third world slum 
 resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus 
 hook your career to a big trend. there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions. – think big 
 @trumpnewyork is nyc's only @forbesinspector 5 star &amp; @aaanews 5 diamond hotel w/a 5 star &amp; 5 diamond restaurant http://t.co/nufg0sok9o 
 pm sarah westcot-williams incompetence should not be rewarded. you should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @primeministersx 
 mullet bay golf course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of st. maarten. @primeministersx  should be ashamed for allowing this 
 every day st. maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of pm sarah westcot-williams. @primeministersx 
 mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly http://t.co/iyvoukmqrb release usmc tahmooressi now! time for a boycott? #saveourmarine 
 manufacturing is now less than 9% of us gdp. the rust belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders 
 what took so long to catch only 1 of the benghazi terrorists? especially after the killer has been taunting the us in the press f/2 yrs 
 us army reserve @leezeldin will bring conservative solutions to dc. next tuesday vote for lee in the ny-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress 
 from fox and friends interview: trump: "we should not go back" to iraq http://t.co/mnl2rg0w0e 
 will the benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? if so will obama apologize to him 
 a country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. another broken promise by our leaders in washington 
 the exclusive home of @pgatour's @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of miami http://t.co/c43bp0kbnx 
 every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @trumpchicago. i am honored by the great support 
 "may god have mercy upon my enemies because i won't" --general george s. patton 
 america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind 
 @trumpchicago’s spa has an array of 5 star services12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views http://t.co/jqj495ifh6 
 the exclusive home of @pgatour's @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of miami http://t.co/c43bp0kbnx 
 just met with the incoming speaker of the florida house @stevecrisafulli – a fantastic guy! he will be a truly great leader 
 breaking ground shortly trump int’l washington dc will bring the dc post office far beyond its original grandeur http://t.co/sgxlk2ca4v 
 i was right—tv ratings for us open are way down from last year. people don’t want to look at a burned out ugly course 
 the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland. it's absolutely… http://t.co/dyk7lpfufa 
 no one remembers who came in second. – walter hagen 
 with our border not being secure obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. an attack is on him 
 @breitbartnews:"donald trump: cantor's defeat shows 'everybody' in congress vulnerable if they support amnesty" http://t.co/90qkc9s0p0 
 the perfect hawaiian getaway @trumpwaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views  http://t.co/s7qpdwcmrn 
 i will be doing the howard stern show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). always fun and interesting talking to howard 
 it's time to let pete rose the all time hits leader into the baseball hall of fame. enough already 
 i bought the great turnberry resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the world. i will take good care of it 
 i know about the rustic look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated trump national philadelphia—a real gem. http://t.co/pgsw9kwvck 
 success comes with hard work focus and luck. the luck comes to those who seek it out. if you are not in the game you cannot get lucky 
 when isis caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them 
 "choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi 
 iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place 
 turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be trump turnberry a luxury… http://t.co/l3jznotzbj 
 the va scandal will only get worse over the time. our vets deserve the best care possible. we must be open to private solutions 
 congratulations to @spurs on their @nba championship. well-deserved 
 if anybody else but coore and crenshaw designed pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair) 
 the only reason i am critical of the pinehurst look is because i’m a lover of golf—and that look on tv hurts golf badly 
 virginia's highest rated wine by @wineenthusiast @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of bordeaux &amp; champagne http://t.co/hhvj9ffz1z 
 the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland. http://t.co/kc0tml7vs8 
 will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7 - 2 minutes 
 big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great turnberry resort in scotland 
 congratulations to martin kaymer for winning the 2014 #usopen. #usga" great playing from beginning to end 
 @mattginellagc   matt how many club championships have you won? i hear zero or 18 fewer than me! lets play for a lot 
 @mattginellagc  matt you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. you are all talk no substance 
 @mattginellagcsadly matt you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).i have numerous couses that are far superior to pinehurst 
 @mattginellagc  i have watched open championships at turnberry one of the great golf courses of the world. pinehurst not in the same league 
 @mattginellagc  my position on pinehurst is correct - bad for the game a dried out cow pasture. you have no clue but keep trying 
 johnny miller correctly very critical of greens at pinehurst. said they should be "redone" 
 i'd bet the horrible look of pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. this is not what golf is about 
 @golfdigestmag  big news from scotland on turnberry (which by the way blows pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. stay tuned 
 @hollysandersgc. remember it was martin k who sank the big ten footer to win the ryder cup. he can handle the pressure 
 i would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy fathers day 
 @blairkamin blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about trump chicago &amp; sign pr 
 @mattginellagc  have you ever seen trump national/bedminster or trump international golf links in scotland. both far better than pinehurst 
 @mattginellagc matt the statement about pinehurst looking like a local community golf course"awful" was not made by me but tweeted to me 
 @mattginellagc  it's true matt the new "blue monster" is better than pinehurst so is bedminster. turnberry &amp; trump aberdeen blow it away 
 i have been very consistent and always said that iraq would fall as soon as the u.s. left. what a terrible waste of lives and money 
 iran will convince our incompetent president that they are trying to help us with iraq take over the country &amp; oil and "o" will say thanks 
 turnberry in scotland is a far superior golf course to pinehurst - and it isn't even close! likewise the blue monster at doral 
 iran is moving troops into iraq under the guise that it is helping out. actually they will take over iraq and all of their oil. stupid u.s 
 if you want to be successful in business you must take risks. make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback 
 w/ the ransom obama paid for deserter bergdhal getting mexico to release usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi is much harder. #bringbackourmarine 
 jailed usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi should be released immediately. since when does mexico care about border security?#bringbackourmarine 
 had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @whoopigoldberg @jennymccarthy  @sherrieshepherd &amp; guest host @mrjerryoc 
 92 stories above north michigan avenue @trumpchicago’s 5-star @forbes rated rooms have the best views of chicago http://t.co/96sdhc5sfs 
 thank you @todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on chicago sign. people love it!   http://t.co/jeguyhd6sj @trumpchicago 
 @trumpchicago is chicago's sole destination showcasing a five-star @forbes rating for both hotel &amp; restaurant http://t.co/w50hjqxw3l 
 the iraqi army is useless. president obama stay the hell out of iraq (we should never have been there in the first place) 
 we should never have gone into iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster. make america great again 
 dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly sun times sign 
 before i bought the site the sun times had the biggest ugliest sign chicago has ever seen. mine is magnificent and popular 
 in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is darrell hammond 
 people are loving the trump sign on the chicago building. big league tweets letters and calls… 
 a third rate architecture critic--who i thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the trump sign 
 i told all of the haters and losers long ago that iraq would fall take the oil or get out fast! massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s 
 iraq told us to get out iraq is now falling and iraq now wants us to come back! don't do it unless we get the oil and i mean all of it 
 iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - bush got us in and obama took far too long to get us out 
 someone just asked me who is my favorite donald trump impersonator? http://t.co/jox5q08gdj 
 btw the miss usa pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the big 4 networks. congrats to our newly crowned @nia_sanchez_ 
 a former miss new york is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in sunday’s miss usa pageant—beautiful! http://t.co/dthyaylnpz 
 we are what we repeatedly do. excellence therefore is not an act but a habit. --  aristotle 
 shameful. after trading 5 senior taliban for a deserter the white house is now attacking bergdahl’s platoon http://t.co/mmbfjteuup 
 must read @ibdinvestors editorial: child alien crisis obama's fault but gop won't pounce http://t.co/jazzx8qzyi 
 the @gop primary voter spoke last night in va-7 &amp; @davebratva7th won going away. now the party must stand behind him! unity unity unity 
 the 5-star @trump_ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the atlantic ocean in county clare ireland http://t.co/bkfukvenlh 
 congratulations to @bretbaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘special heart.’ already in its third printing 
 w/state of the art clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities @trump_charlotte brings true luxury to the tar heel state http://t.co/7slx4jm2x1 
 iraq is far worse and of more danger to the u.s. now than it ever was under saddam hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives 
 eric cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. we need real leaders 
 as i have said the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today 
 tea party takes down eric cantor - really big win 
 what i am saying is that we never should have been in iraq in the first place. bush was terrible obama is worse! make america great again 
 i told you so a long time ago: iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. only the beginning!  oil 
 be sure to watch @ivankatrump’s @foxbusiness @fbnatb interview from the @nyu #hospitalityconference http://t.co/qcegutahxb 
 featuring five championship golf courses including the blue monster @trumpdoral is south miami’s top destination http://t.co/qezkbzi8jo 
 five u.s. soldiers killed in afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. what are we doing 
 the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. – general douglas macarthur"" 
 @mdamelincourt  thanks m you are doing a great job at trump toronto 
 negotiation tip: know exactly what you want and focus on that. trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills 
 negotiation is an art. treat it like one. be open to change--it's another word for innovation 
 negotiation tip: view any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. persistence can go a long way 
 the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. – general douglas macarthur 
 "career advice from donald trump" http://t.co/xosoeqoch4 via @bndarticles by @brittneyplz 
 watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @missusa http://t.co/bfb20eauyw the crowning moment 
 via @ap by @splaisance: "@realmissnvusa nia sanchez crowned as 63rd @missusa" http://t.co/gzqypcxqfi 
 heading over to the miss usa pageant. the young women participating are amazing and accomplished. competition is very tough. enjoy the show 
 the man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the nuclear variety brought upon us because of weakness 
 the miss u.s.a. pageant will be amazing tonight. to be politically incorrect the girls (women) are really beautiful. nbc at 8 pm 
 no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact it is not even close 
 remember the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing will come back to haunt u.s. 
 the same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with china &amp; others.no chance 
 we have to make the u.s.a. rich again so that we can afford to pay social security medicareand medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out 
 by the end of this year china will be the number one economic power on earth and the u.s. will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to china 
 just toured baton rouge louisiana - great people fantastic place doing really well. miss usa pageant totally sold out.tomorrow night nbc 
 i am in baton rouge where the miss usa pageant will be shown live on nbc on sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 p.m. incredible show 
 the owner of california gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. just smile and congrat the winner. his wife was visibly embarrassed 
 @andrewkreig   thank you andrew -  so correct 
 will be in louisiana for the miss usa pageant which will be on nbc on sunday night. watch miss pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story 
 negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump" 
 thank you to the greatest heroes http://t.co/m4pupmtugj #dday70 #wwii 
 happy 30th birthday #ghostbusters! it was great to have @trumptowerny be a part of the series. http://t.co/pngphifmni 
 only you can #savethequeen during the live telecast of #missusa on june 8 at 8/7c on nbc. click for more info: http://t.co/0x19lt41e2 
 obama is without question the worst ever president. i predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood 
 learn know and show. it’s a proven formula. put it to use starting today. – think like a champion 
 breaking news:  obama has just made a trade with russia. they get florida california &amp; our gold supply. we get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka 
 #tbt a picture of my fantastic father and myself. best teacher in the world! a great father’s day… http://t.co/qzhqshvxgv 
 a great father’s day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @trumpnewyork along with items from my signature collection http://t.co/hgbagzzdz4 
 i believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders president obama gave up for bergdahl a great deal of cash was also given. so stupid 
 amazing view of @trumpgolfla http://t.co/xufsguqy1d 
 trump collection’s summer line exclusively available @macys is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. dress your best!  http://t.co/vrkl8bmj7g 
 @bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. bret is a winner 
 congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @iowagop primary win last night. now all should unite &amp; defeat bruce braley this november 
 obama can release 5 senior taliban for a deserter but can’t make mexico release decorated marine sgt. andrew tahmooressi. pathetic 
 obama betrays israel yet again our strongest ally in the middle east. he will recognize hamas breaking long standing us policy 
 us trade deficit hit $64b+ in april 2 yr record high http://t.co/e5rudjxexp we must do better. china is ripping us. bring the jobs home 
 @trumplasvegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in las vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool 
 i hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the u.s. government will start sending them money 
 "if you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic." - think like a billionaire 
 chris mcdaniel looks like he will win in mississippi - great news and big victory for tea party 
 obama never consulted with congress about a prisoner exchange. he broke the law and should be tried. our president is a total disaster 
 are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence 
 was susan rice told to lie about bergdahl? obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from obamacare to a deserter 
 @newsbusters  thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done 
 rapidly failing @vanityfair magazine hits me for my strong stance against obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. amazing 
 the five taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. they are saying how dumb u.s. is 
 our president is a great embarrassment to the u.s. how could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap 
 the entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit. – midas touch 
 remember our six brave heroes who died searching for bergdahl after he deserted http://t.co/wiuil71am3 (h/t @military_news) 
 the problem is that no government can create real jobs. only entrepreneurs can do that. – midas touch 
 it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens 
 moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the tea party &amp; @gop remain united towards november. take the senate 
 it's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game. – @nyrangers stanley cup champion mark messier 
 airing live from baton rouge at 8pm et on @nbc 2014 @missusa competition will be a tremendous event http://t.co/sw2ntojbgn 
 obama’s war on coal is killing american jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage 
 be sure to buy this month’s @amspec magazine. read a trump card my interview with jeffrey lord 
 because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every american throughout the world. terrorists are thrilled 
 president said we would never leave a soldier behind. how about the 4 who died in benghazi 
 great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a u.s. military deserter. that’s how the u.s. negotiates nowadays 
 bowe bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. solders died looking for him. u.s. should never have made the deal! punishment 
 only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for bergdahl. #orangeroom 
 that the obama administration didn't know the facts about who bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic 
 entrepreneurs: keep your momentum going! it's a big factor in sustaining your success. keep moving forward 
 entrepreneurs:  if you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. stay positive &amp; stay strong 
 @arseniohall just got fired—the people spoke ratings were terrible. the apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it 
 another obama disaster- http://t.co/9simxshxzw 
 the statement about leaving the base came directly from cbs evening news 
 at some point sgt. bergdahl will have to explain his capture. in 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. many questions 
 the u.s. cannot negotiate with terrorists. it is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster 
 president obama created a very bad precedent by handing over five taliban prisoners in exchange for sgt. bowe bergdahl. another u.s. loss 
 i am in toronto checking the great trump international hotel - highest rated hotel in canada. it is a beauty 
 #thearseniohallshow   well it had to happen. people that are disloyal in the long run never make it. arsenio was just cancelled 
 the greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. - @oprah 
 snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. make no mistake he is no hero. in fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice 
 must read – via @ibdinvestors: va scandal grows as bonuses went to worst hospitals http://t.co/ad3xqok0ed 
 @trumpchicago’s the spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline http://t.co/jqj495ifh6 
 the american worker is being victimized by our trade policies. we need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers 
 our country is on the precipice. washington is broken. where is the leadership 
 our vets are the pride of our nation. the va scandal is a disgrace.if you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care 
 the dunes of @trumpscotland are a world treasure threading thru @golfworld1’s scotland top par 72 7400 yd course http://t.co/avulj7lvco 
 my speech to @pressclubdc on tuesday at the #npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan http://t.co/9htxgaprty 
 via @pressclubdc by @snlyngaas: trump says u.s. brand has lost its luster http://t.co/v1pez9shjm 
 today at 1:30pm ct i will be addressing @repleadconf in new orleans http://t.co/cchdu3mpv1 will focus on how to fix our great country 
 #tbt here i am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr http://t.co/wqzrkvpaa9 
 snowden is a liar.and a fraud 
 have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: snowden obamacare va russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more 
 entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared 
 focus on your goals not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge 
 my speech to @pressclubdc yesterday at the #npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan http://t.co/9htxgaprty 
 "intrinsic means basic inborn elemental. if you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away." - think like a champion 
 @trumpchicago’s the spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline http://t.co/jqj495ifh6 
 great @nytimes story about our conversion of the old post office building in d.c. to luxury hotel- http://t.co/ede9bz4btu 
 you cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. – pres. abraham lincoln 
 thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the national press club. it was my great honor 
 like it or not edward snowden is a spy and should be tried as a spy! he has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations 
 the blue monster is celebrated in june issue of robb report as the best of the best winner in golf course category. http://t.co/fvxwnm68ki 
 the boston bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the va. we must do better 
 the amateur. on his trip to afghanistan our commander-in-chief disclosed the cia chief’s name. unsafe disaster! http://t.co/1mt4jgughr 
 our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- thomas a. edison 
 winners never quit and quitters never win.-- vince lombardi 
 results are what matter...a series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement. - think like a champion 
 featuring private living spaces oversized bathrooms &amp; stunning views @trumpsoho = downtown nyc’s premiere hotel http://t.co/3jrxj7kkxs 
 i am speaking today at the national press club totally sold out and will then be inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue 
 what does.obama know about the va or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar obamacare website. we need a real leader 
 @pgaofamerica a really great tournament congrats to monty pete b and ted bishop. fantastic job 
 @mcilroyrory - way to go rory fantastic victory 
 have a great and peaceful memorial day - but remember there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. we must be strong 
 rising 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanama offers our elite amenities in latin americas tallest building  http://t.co/2jiaqk93ia 
 the obamacare websites have cost over $5b &amp; many still do not work http://t.co/plhydjwpka one of the greatest fiascos in modern history 
 the obama administration gives better medical care to al qaeda at gitmo than to our vets 
 the va scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. when will we learn 
 terrible for the economy &amp; middle class gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1245 days http://t.co/3acdkbzdcq frack now &amp; fast 
 remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day 
 very excited to be addressing the @repleadconf next friday in new orleans. there is much to discuss 
 obama's wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! http://t.co/33vzurkku2  save our bald eagles symbol of our nation 
 congrats to @team_mitch on winning a spirited primary. great job mitch 
 via @breitbartnews by @thetonylee: "@citizens_united sues @agschneiderman for violating 1st amendment" http://t.co/1ymvzionfi 
 exclusive: donald trump wants to build a luxury hotel in dubai    http://t.co/dz3gwguszb  via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith 
 via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith: "'trump effect' will see dubai properties rise 50% http://t.co/bvefai8hg9 
 sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you win 
 logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein 
 mike leach's lessons his takeaways from geronimo's life are fascinating &amp; useful whether in boardroom or locker room http://t.co/jqzcm7q3hq 
 thx and from a better quotation source: "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- wayne gretzky 
 "beepee2004 thank you very much donald. here is another. http://t.co/kfyych93v9" thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place 
 i have been watching and loving the united states for many years and have never seen it look weaker or less effective 
 talent is cheaper than table salt. what separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- stephen king 
 "some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.  -- anonymous 
 persistence is a key for success. don’t give up. continue to think big and you will be able to close deals 
 just returned from ireland scotland and dubai. amazing trip great places--but always good to be back 
 entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard 
 logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein 
 going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in dubai 
 remember china is not a friend of the united states 
 a classic - china just signs massive oil and gas deal with russia giving russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in u.s. face 
 entrepreneurs:  see yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. find something you love doing 
 entrepreneurs:  stay focused and be tenacious. pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. stay fixed on your goals 
 entrepreneurs: get a momentum going. listen apply then move forward. do not procrastinate. see opportunity as the perk that it is 
 with @ivankatrump and the chairman of damac in dubai. http://t.co/y4ywqrbulj 
 hitting the first ball at trump international dubai 272 right down the middle. http://t.co/omklrsa2iv 
 you have to be positive every single day. positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success. – think like a champion 
 the roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in dubai. everything looks clean &amp; strong. in u.s.  everything is falling apart 
 we must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the united states. our country must be strong again 
 getting ready for the big news conference in dubai. it should all be happening in the u.s. but it isn't - sad 
 i cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the u.s. there is no reason for this other than poor leadership.we should be 1 
 i am in dubai with damac.  place is booming - amazing! major news conference in two hours. announcing luxury villas and major golf course 
 i really like jay z but there is trouble in paradise. when his wife's sister starts whacking him not good! no help from b leads to a mess 
 i will be heading to dubai where i am doing a great project with damac - will be a massive success 
 30000 illegal immigrants with criminal records were released last year by our wonderful though highly incompetent government. so stupid 
 amazing five days - developments in aberdeen turnberry (scotland) and ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the world. a lot of fun 
 @ronanofficial  thanks ronan see you there 
 nobamacare won't work never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!) 
 sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on fox &amp; friends on monday a.m. no go - in dubai 
 innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- steve jobs 
 i am in scotland checking on my developments in aberdeen and turnberry. just left ireland property will be great. always checking 
 success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill 
 "winners i am convinced imagine their dreams first. they want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - joe montana 
 advice from my father fred c. trump:  "know everything you can about what you're doing." 
 "donald trump is confident that ireland is ready for a big comeback" http://t.co/nvmsfj5aip via @independent_ie by @anitaactually 
 advice from my mother mary macleod trump: "trust in god and be true to yourself." 
 be a yardstick of quality. some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- steve jobs 
 via @bbcnews: donald trump visits his newly-purchased turnberry golf resort http://t.co/nbh7mmb66z 
 be a cautious optimist. call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks 
 don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. be on alert at all times 
 be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances. – think big 
 if you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 can you conquer the blue monster? book a tee time @trumpdoral right here http://t.co/4npkwrnevl 
 the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- vince lombardi 
 do your homework. wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – think like a billionaire 
 "damac properties   @damacofficial @realdonaldtrump looking forward to welcoming you to dubai! have a great trip!"  thank you 
 heading to scotland to check out turnberry &amp; trump int'l golf links scotland. then heading to dubai  @damacofficial a great company 
 just spent two days in ireland at trump international golf links &amp; hotel -- absolutely magnificent. http://t.co/ycba3pign0 
 photo from @ivankatrump of trump international golf links &amp; hotel ireland  http://t.co/zp2hgrnua9 
 if you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. focus &amp; stay positive 
 it is wonderful to be in beautiful doonbeg touring @trump_ireland. i'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization 
 with a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants @trumpwaikiki is honolulu’s premier hotel http://t.co/4cswuszg2u 
 @10ajmccarron will do great in the nfl - all he does is win! bengals made a very wise decision 
 @irishtimes  thanks to you and the wonderful simon carswell for the great story on trump international golf links ireland. it will be great 
 time warner cable out again in manhattan - no television. they have a real problem 
 rosie o'donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! she killed star jones for weight loss surgery just had it 
 via @wsj by @senalexander: "wind-power tax credits need to be blown away"  http://t.co/baxjgfylqf @alexsalmond 
 obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. don't believe that one either 
 another historic first under obama businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed http://t.co/ky4gulun5y new leadership now 
 must read f/@ weeklystandard by @jaycosttws: obamacare myth-making - five phony success stories. http://t.co/nyqucbv8vu 
 home of the 2022 @pgachampionship trump nat’l bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect tom fazio http://t.co/zqltqt2ak7 
 dennis—thank you for being honest.  somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldn’t take it. great!  @dennisrodman 
 a rare case where the u.s. should help- http://t.co/t7lx8ugren 
 a message for hollywood- http://t.co/cwicupwszf 
 many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  thomas a. edison 
 cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats 
 teams are making a big mistake not taking johnny manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch) 
 @dallascowboys   jerry great pick - you will have a really good season 
 great pick by buffalo - sammy watkins will be great 
 i think somebody should pick johnny football - he will be a star 
 i am watching the nfl draft will be interesting! a lot of talent but only a few will become stars 
 to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- ralph waldo emerson 
 no matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part. - @tigerwoods 
 remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success let people know about it 
 "discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation." - midas touch 
 also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. be smart 
 young entrepreneurs –  remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. win &amp; gain confidence 
 if it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. fight to get beyond them.–midas touch 
 the object of golf is not just to win. it is to play like a gentleman and win. - phil mickelson @mickelsonhat 
 the global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders 
 dennis rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said i wanted to go to north korea with him. glad i fired him on apprentice 
 crazy dennis rodman is saying i wanted to go to north korea with him. never discussed no interest last place on earth i want to go to 
 if you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business. - think like a billionaire 
 russia is on the move in the ukraine iran is nuking up &amp; libya is run by al qaeda yet obama is busy issuing ‘climate change warnings 
 great decision by @speakerboehner in placing @tgowdysc as chairman of the benghazi select committee. gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor 
 congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @ncgop senate primary. time for the party to unite and defeat obamacare advocate kay hagan 
 designed by @ivankatrump @trumpdoral’s new villa deluxe guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends http://t.co/h5omoxxclq 
 either miss pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people 
 won $5000000 against miss pennsylvania sheena monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about miss usa pageant. not a nice person 
 we will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better) 
 the road to success is always under construction.  -- arnold palmer 
 do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- andrew carnegie 
 aside from having no ratings sleazy ed schultz lied about what i said. thank you scott whitlock @scottjw  http://t.co/gs4jwd1lac 
 just had a great legal victory in ft. lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. love it 
 this guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest 
 do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way. – think like a champion 
 over 90% of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare. repeal before it is too late 
 congrats to barack obama on april’s job report. over 800000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. bad 
 celebrated for its room views by @luxtravelexpert @trumpchicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the windy city http://t.co/2mpwsprdtz 
 with the world’s top amenities @trumpto’s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate toronto lifestyle http://t.co/ulcgsi40ym 
 i will be doing fox &amp; friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. many things to talk about! enjoy 
 @trumpgolfdc  congrats to my great members at trump national dc on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 pga senior championship 
 the ring announcers are working hard to justify the mayweather victory. they should be ashamed of themselves! a total joke 
 no wonder boxing is close to dead 
 crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. fight was not even close! disgusting 
 the mayweather decision is a disgrace 
 no way judges say mayweather won. investigation should take place. fix 
 fight is over - mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say 
 mayweather is getting absolutely killed 
 floyd mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by marcos maidana but announcers say it is even. two rounds left 
 the reporter that called kevin durant "mr. unreliable" should be fired or at least apologize. he is a truly great player and a winner 
 there must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it 
 have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory 
 @sethmeyers  seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. very awkward and insecure 
 seth myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. bad interviewer marbles in his mouth 
 #flashbackfriday at military academy- second from left. http://t.co/idodxtttwl 
 weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- albert einstein 
 a feature on the progress of the course @ #trump int'l #golf club will feature on @cnnlivinggolf thurs 8 may 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 gmt #damac 
 @pgachampionship @seniorpgachamp both headed to trump courses http://t.co/rybauw3ii5 via @foxnews 
 via @breitbartsports by @warnerthuston: donald trump buys four-time british @the_open golf course http://t.co/x3ew7g9pnu 
 never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. be prudent. it's best to have your concessions predetermined 
 negotiations 101: the best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms 
 @tweetingautism please support our #autismmayday campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism http://t.co/vtojfdzzhz rt" 
 with @vanityfair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey graydon carter is going to resign? he should 
 china will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections. pres. obama – china’s greatest asset 
 obamacare not only has brought higher premiums decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% q1 growth. repeal before it is too late 
 will be doing interview on @golfchannel at 8.00 this morning. will be talking about getting the great pga championship &amp; senior pga etc 
 wow vanity fair was totally shut out at the national magazine awards - it got nothing. graydon carter is a loser with bad food restaurants 
 via @bbcnews: us property tycoon donald trump confirms turnberry buy http://t.co/elzrcesqui 
 excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties @seniorpgachamp at trump dc &amp; @pgachampionship at trump bedminster 
 announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @trumpgolfdc &amp; @pgachampionship to trump bedminster 
 getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica 
 concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - arnold palmer 
 it will now start to cool down concerning sterling and the clippers. this mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past 
 commissioner adam silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning donald sterling 
 the premier landmark in midtown nyc trump tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall  http://t.co/3cn3y1wjqo 
 @jamieaydt  happy birthday jamie 
 just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my @foxandfriends interview- http://t.co/cizlqpo7id 
 dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power 
 it’s important to listen to what people say. horrible and disgusting are the words i used in response to sterling’s comments 
 it is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner 
 a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back. never underestimate the power of greatness 
 it is amazing that after lambasting donald sterling on @foxandfriends some dishonest press only reported my girlfriend from hell statement 
 young entrepeneurs: think big stay motivated &amp; always remain confident. the sky is the limit 
 is everyone enjoying obamacare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? http://t.co/ifzrjkmwjp it’s obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium 
 obama’s 2014 budget eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue http://t.co/9xus7opepe he loves taxes. t-e-a. taxed enough already 
 putin has shown the world what happens when america has weak leaders. peace through strength 
 watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs…http://t.co/j45zvecoxd 
 @trumpdoral’s red course redesign is underway. will be completed in september. follow all the developments http://t.co/4cvnkl9vwo 
 i will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the donald sterling (clippers) mess 
 president obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that i am concerned he will do something totally irrational. he can't lead 
 isn't it ironic that china is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond 
 if you have passion confidence resilience &amp; vision you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start 
 the only @forbes five-star &amp; @fivediamond hotel in nyc @trumpnewyork is the definition of luxury  http://t.co/nufg0sok9o the best 
 we allow japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble 
 n.y.times headline states obama suffers setbacks in japan trade deal. can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us we have cards 
 #tbt as a young man when i proposed the convention center in new york city. http://t.co/ufh5cjn8lk 
 worry destroys focus. – think big 
 once you know you love your job never stop and never give up. – think like a billionaire 
 get to know yourself.you can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.the more you ask the better you'll know. vince lombardi 
 as i predicted obama already caught lying on ocare enrollment # by cbo who’s sticking w/ 6 million enrollments http://t.co/lovujhxweb 
 thank you @hautelivingmag for naming @trumpdoral the #1 golf course in miami  http://t.co/ta7roapu0n 
 w/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing trump intl.palm beach is ranked by florida golf magazine as fl’s #1 course http://t.co/gv83zx5g1j 
 south korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. their surplus vs u.s. is massive - and we pay for their protection. who negotiates 
 @andreatantaros  it was great to see you - say hi to all 
 i'm not afraid of failing. i don't like to fail. i hate to fail. but i'm not afraid of it. - @vincemcmahon 
 "use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger." - think big 
 the obamacare enrollment numbers are a lie.they will be ‘readjusted’ by the white house at an opportune time probably after ’14 election 
 no surprise assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. he never intended to in the first place 
 new yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. my choice? citizen kane #filmforall 
 the city of buffalo is struggling. moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. the bills belong in buffalo 
 "to be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. few ever get rich easily." - think like a billionaire 
 on rugged aberdeenshire coastline@trumpscotland’s par 72 course is 7400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes http://t.co/avulj7lvco 
 interesting how president obama is flying around in a boeing 747 on so-called earth day 
 the way president obama runs down the stairs of air force 1 hopping &amp; bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential. do not fall 
 @mcilroyrory  thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year 
 always remember sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make 
 you measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up. - @jack_welch 
 china is closing a massive oil deal w/ russia taking advantage of the ukraine conflict http://t.co/titkq0pmzh smart unlike our leaders 
 the nypd surveillance program kept nyc safe since 9/11. there will be tragic consequences for ending it 
 rep. stephen lynch (d-ma) said "there's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're obamacare 
 last thursday obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" the next day he again stopped keystone 
 congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. the entire country is proud 
 get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. where there's a will there's a win. think positively 
 understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...but always look for the opportunities 
 "think big set your vision high and go for it. you'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - midas touch 
 with two champion style courses @trumpgolfdc graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic potomac river http://t.co/e1uv7yr68i 
 fifth avenue’s most iconic building @trumptowerny features trump grill nestled in the corner of the atrium http://t.co/nusrutn508 
 once the tragic mistake of going into iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). now iran &amp; china get it 
 after thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars iraq (i told you so) is imploding. really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad 
 there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - margaret thatcher 
 if america unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back 
 obama told medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would have more flexibility. it was music to putin’s ears 
 the biggest winner of obama’s ’08 win --- vladimir putin. ultimately he could be tied with iran after tehran becomes a nuclear power 
 a storied franchise with a loyal fanbase @buffalobills should remain in buffalo 
 "we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business." - think like a champion 
 @njpga club of the year trump nat’l bedminster is nj's top family country club with two award winning courses http://t.co/8mrltsnoge 
 just finished another week of filming @apprenticenbc. this season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet 
 @ivankatrump: ‘trump estates dubai unlike anything else in the region’  http://t.co/tkrj4epipu via @aawsat_eng by musaid al-zayani 
 obama through his cronies said the keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things 
 i will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7 (15 minutes). enjoy it and your day 
 huffington post is just upset that i said its purchase by aol has been a disaster and that arianna huffington is ugly both inside and out 
 look snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?) 
 happy easter - have a great day 
 @frankpro   frank you are making a mistake. no one will do a better job than me and team would stay in buffalo 
 have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night 
 snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the u.s. a spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed 
 i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability 
 remember russia still has snowden. when are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? he caused great damage 
 i will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. happy easter and/or holiday to all 
 i was always a big fan of kim novak and still am—a wonderful actress 
 nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past march http://t.co/ik5bswqikk frack now 
 obamacare enrollment lie: obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts  http://t.co/fppfeby5mv 
 the west coast's most luxurious public course @trumpgolfla features spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views http://t.co/knzbqhh9fi 
 why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions 
 "the harder you work the harder it is to surrender." - @profootballhof @buffalobills head coach marv levy 
 remember if you don’t sell yourself no one else will. make sure the public friends &amp; the business community hears about your success 
 cbo now estimates that over 2.5m will lose jobs directly because of obamacare. repeal now before it is too late 
 oscar pistorious is guilty as hell 
 #tbt wrestlemania 23 http://t.co/99dcdxarxm 
 always fun to read the @newyorkobserver investigative piece re @agschneiderman his mascara and more! http://t.co/nvvrlu7wkt 
 america is at a great disadvantage. putin is ex-kgb obama is a community organizer. unfair 
 my speech from last saturday’s @citizens_united @afphq #nhfreedomsummit http://t.co/hbh8qe449m via @cspan 
 my @foxnews interview w/@seanhannity  http://t.co/kovsybaufn 
 via @njcomsomerset by @wobriensomerset: "@tigerwoods brings charity golf playoffs totrump nat'l/bedminster" http://t.co/u10hqu1r7p 
 entrepreneurs:  ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit 
 "the price of greatness is responsibility." -- winston churchill 
 entrepreneurs:  have your own vision and stick with it. don’t be afraid to be unique. don’t tread water--get out there and go for it 
 entrepreneurs: identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve. then study the best people in your field and learn from them 
 entrepreneurs--always remember that every day counts. stay focused. stay positive and develop momentum 
 i pick the best locations- @trump_charlotte has incredible views of beautiful lake norman. http://t.co/lnlfq3wyxf 
 "success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results." - think like a billionaire 
 my office is at yankee stadium. yes dreams do come true. - @yankees captain derek jeter 
 obama has changed the census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of o'care http://t.co/fm76jygcdn  real data hidden 
 in hudson valley @trumpnationalny’s course has pristine fairways tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers http://t.co/fz5o9bpkez 
 @priscocbs  thank you 
 happiness is not something ready made. it comes from your own actions. - @dalailama 
 don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. deal with them! – think like a champion 
 get snowden back from russia—he has done tremendous damage to the us &amp; should pay a very heavy price 
 on top of the disrespect shown by russia don’t forget they still have snowden who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive us secrets 
 remember negotiations are fluid. remain calm and don’t settle easily. if you have the goods you will ultimately win 
 nyc's sole hammam the spa at @trumpsoho offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world http://t.co/smkecnpjzp 
 "i'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance."--steve jobs 
 via @unionleader by bill smith: gop rally in manchester fires up party faithful http://t.co/pcrmyvybpi 
 summer's almost here update your business wardrobe with trump signature collection exclusively available @macys  http://t.co/vrkl8bmj7g 
 oscar pistorious "the blade runner" is as guilty as o.j.  i wonder if the result will be the same 
 @alexsalmond-i have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting scotland 
 @alexsalmond - ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the atlantic ocean. the reason would hurt tourism 
 al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse his grammar or his thoughts 
 obama lied when he said you can keep your plan so why would anyone believe his bogus obamacare enrollment numbers? 
 via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites: trump: ‘i would build a border fence like you have never seen before’ http://t.co/4xemnwrsb8 
 my interview with wmur’s @joshmcelveen at #nhfreedomsummit http://t.co/cadfelfig1 
 big thanks to @david_bossie @citizens_united &amp; @afphq for hosting me at #nhfreedomsummit. will be back to the granite state soon 
 on the shores of lake norman @trump_charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course http://t.co/y04jvkfsan 
 an appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last.  -- winston churchill 
 however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results.  -- winston churchill 
 the people of ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism @alexsalmond  http://t.co/ij00bxc6h0 
 if the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- latin proverb 
 will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7 a.m. (1 hour). enjoy 
 @jordanspieth  great playing at the masters and don't get down jordan you will win many tournaments and many majors! keep working hard 
 @bubbawatson  what a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy! congratulations on another fantastic masters win 
 learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. the important thing is not to stop questioning. -- albert einstein 
 #flashbackfriday with mickey rooney @regis and @itstonybennett http://t.co/4blxnbdtgt 
 it's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- winston churchill 
 @kathomas212   congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the city. you will be great 
 congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show 
 entrepreneurs keep this in mind:"great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." -- albert einstein 
 entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. be sure to cultivate relationships 
 nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- ralph waldo emerson 
 if traveling to the windy city to celebrate 100th anniversary of wrigley field @trumpchicago is chicago’s #1 hotel http://t.co/2mpwsprdtz 
 looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this saturday’s @citizens_united @afphq freedom summit in manchester 
 into our first week of filming @apprenticenbc the celebrities are already turning up the heat. major fireworks 
 #tbt on the stage during the emmys performing "green acres" with megan mullally http://t.co/8ia6ictxzk 
 really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend - one of the greatest shows on earth 
 talent hits a target no one else can hit. genius hits a target no one else can see. – arthur schopenhauer 
 my @newsradio967 interview re jeb bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; @citizens_united @afphq freedom summit.   http://t.co/fbvmhgaviu 
 looking forward to speaking at saturday's @citizens_united @afphq freedom summit in manchester. second visit to new hampshire this year 
 so many people don’t understand i am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time 
 @garyplayer  you were great on @mikeandmike this morning—&amp; the gary player villa at @trumpdoral is a hot ticket 
 the blue monster at trump national doral in miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. great reviews. thank you 
 @mcuban says he is a member of dallas national but doesn’t play golf. who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? no talent! @tmz 
 saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in lake tahoe while i played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @tmz 
 @kimkotter  kim keep up the great work - you are really doing well 
 it's 4.35 a.m. and i am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. the harder i work the luckier i get 
 launching the trump home by dorya furniture collection today. it looks amazing! @hpmarketnews @doryainteriors http://t.co/rrc1jmwclg 
 will be on fox &amp; friends at 7.00 this morning - enjoy 
 @xenaher1   thanks xena 
 @lexi  great job in winning your first of many "majors". we are proud of you at trump international. work hard - be an all time great 
 haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't) say i went bankrupt (i didn't) say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth 
 major league baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let mark cuban buy a team. was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole 
 for china of all nations to search the massive indian ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched 
 @katwatson59 thanks kat 
 i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn 
 i can't believe that @cnn would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. jeff zucker must be losing his touch 
 "there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing say nothing and be nothing."– aristotle 
 @neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. http://t.co/paaizcxuxa 
 @andre_reed83  thanks for your nice words. you are a real champion. i’m pushing 
 "never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- babe ruth 
 i can't believe david letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @letterman 
 ask yourself: "what can i learn today that i didn't know before?" always be a student always be open to new ideas 
 "if trump became president he would do an amazing job; if obama took over celebrity apprentice he'd fail."  what's your opinion? i agree 
 "great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- samuel johnson 
 i hear the very ungrateful @arseniohall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. really too bad 
 entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees.make it an example that will best serve the success of your business 
 entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing you'll be in for some big surprises 
 entrepreneurs: be cautiously optimistic.  call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks 
 visit the highly acclaimed trump international hotel &amp; tower chicago and its exceptional 'sixteen' restaurant http://t.co/yuusn1luff 
 "if everything seems under control you're just not going fast enough." -- mario andretti 
 today in history wrestlemania 23: i shave @vincemcmahon's hair--highest rated show in wwe history  @wrestlefact  http://t.co/7su88r1mr0 
 "people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."-- andrew carnegie 
 "discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. questions are thoughts with a quest." -- think like a champion 
 the signature restaurant of @trumpnewyork @jeangeorges is both a forbes five-star &amp; aaa five-diamond restaurant  http://t.co/m1hotcujmv 
 yesterday in front of rockefeller center http://t.co/gki5bk0rh7 
 in new york march was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some global warming 
 noisy windfarm driving community crazy!   http://t.co/ayfhrgf39v @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @aberdeenshirecc 
 because of president obama's failed leadership we have put vladimir putin &amp; russia back on the world stage! --no reason for this 
 "do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- ralph waldo emerson 
 sorry couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. will double up next week at 7 
 @magicjohnson  good luck with the dodgers this season if they were like you they would never lose a game 
 @genesimmons  keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you 
 @magnasearchgrp your new trump tower in vancouver looks fantastic. i'm gonna pick up a unit. just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation" 
 @arseniohall - how quickly people forget but not me! you told me that without the apprentice you could never have gotten your show - sad 
 @arseniohall - the only thing you don't mention in the nice esquire piece about you is the apprentice without which you would be nowhere 
 @princessdaytura @realdonaldtrump for president - it's reality he is reality and he is the only one capable of making the necessary changes 
 to all haters and losers: i am not anti-vaccine but i am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. spread shots out over time 
 to all young (and old) entrepreneurs: believe in yourself talk yourself up! energize yourself and you'll energize others 
 entrepreneurs:  believe in yourself. if you don’t no one else will either. realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort 
 entrepreneurs:  another question to ask yourself—what am i pretending not to see? there may be great opportunities right around you 
 for entrepreneurs: a good question to ask yourself –what can i provide that does not yet exist 
 "inspiration exists but it has to find us working."  -- pablo picasso 
 sse slashes offshore wind investment—wants british government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   http://t.co/gjjtzv29wz 
 join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #liub will raise awareness for millions with autism 
 with autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies 
 healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesn't feel good and changes - autism. many such cases 
 coach w to his basketball players - be quick but don't hurry 
 if i were president i would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - autism 
 autism way up - i believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots. too much for small child to handle. govt. should stop now 
 #tbt for all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father- http://t.co/dhkqyol86w 
 "edddie24   mr. trump is a real american patriot.  you have my vote if you ever ran. 👍"  thank you 
 @genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on hall of fame 
 remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make 
 listen to my interview with @kathielgifford at @podcastone - http://t.co/hgmdepzj6t 
 i will be on the record with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/fox news channel 
 "if you're going through hell keep going." -- winston churchill 
 "success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- winston churchill 
 "you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." --  winston churchill 
 some great quotes from the legendary and courageous winston churchill: "never never never give up."  
 if you’ve looked over the yearsi’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to china 
 by obama mentioning manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target #1. how totally stupid is this guy 
 this is the time for the united states to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness 
 not good or smart for obama to be calling russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in nyc 
 president obama looks absolutely exhausted in the netherlands. he is not a natural leader was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him 
 "he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- benjamin franklin 
 robert slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. he will be missed. http://t.co/gape7aoyvj 
 getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. here's some advice for public speaking: "be sincere; be brief; be seated."  f.d. roosevelt 
 "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take."  -- wayne gretzky 
 i had a great time answering your questions in the latest #askthedonald. watch and see if your question made it in- https://t.co/y1gwc6nvtu 
 thank you to @garyvansickle &amp; sports illustrated @sinow  for the really nice piece about me. march 17 2014 issue  http://t.co/vsdrxgkumc 
 obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off air force one.  doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall 
 i wonder if apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iphone. i hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue 
 obama must now focus get his mind off "march.madness" and lead! watch russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of obamacare 
 the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast 
 we should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive 
 i believe putin will continue to re-build the russian empire. he has zero respect for obama or the u.s. 
 putin has become a big hero in russia with an all time high popularity. obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. sad 
 great advice from my mother: trust in god and be true to yourself. – mary macleod trump 
 great advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump 
 "continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential."  -- winston churchill 
 president obama be cool be smart be sharp and focus (no more march madness) and you can beat putin at his own game. it can be done 
 while putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the world president obama is watching march madness (basketball) 
 i don't hate obama at all i just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history 
 we're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly chinese passengers and that's ok-but how much are russia &amp; china spending 
 president obama was able to fool the americans by getting elected but not able to fool vladimir putin. too bad for us 
 "failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." -- henry ford 
 "things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."  --  john wooden 
 we are excited to announce trump estates at akoya by damac luxury villas situated bytrump int’l golf links dubai http://t.co/cpokmt6exd 
 looks like plane may have been found in the indian ocean off the coast of australia 
 lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. i won't fly on the boeing 787 dreamliner - it uses those batteries 
 plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo. fire could have started in cockpit 
 it's almost like the united states has no president - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. good luck everyone 
 @alexsalmond wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.electric bills in scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness 
 head on over to my facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #askthedonald- http://t.co/3xfflrsnhk 
 @danscavino @apinv @trumpgolf @billclinton @aphospital  thanks dan 
 re negotiation: know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them 
 the donald j. trump signature collection's new line is out @macys --ties shirts accessories -- great &amp; going fast! http://t.co/ibtn6jokyh 
 business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- think like a champion 
 "entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets." -- midas touch 
 " @missycombs38  please stop renovating/creating golf courses. we need you to renovate the white house! #trumpforpresident"  cute 
 "it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer."  -- albert einstein 
 "get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in today's world." -- think like a champion 
 "the only way to do great work is to love what you do."  – steve jobs 
 president obama could totally solve the problem with putin by demanding that russia sign on to obamacare thereby destroying their economy 
 wow putin is really taking advantage of president obama. it is important that obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool 
 some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them 
 5 year old trey has terminal cancer. i'm helping him go to disney won't you? http://t.co/nxjkcdxzg1 
 there are many editorial writers that are good some great &amp; some bad. but the least talented of all is frumpy gail collins of nytimes 
 join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #liub will raise awareness for millions with autism 
 some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them.   anonymous 
 "the best vision is insight." -- malcolm forbes 
 i won't be doing fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning in that i have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. i will be back next week at 7. thank you 
 when nobody wanted the ufc i opened the way by letting them fight at the trump taj mahal in atlantic city. dana white has done a great job 
 frumpy and very dumb gail collins an editorial writer at the new york times is so lucky to even have a job. check her out - incompetent 
 @garyplayer  as a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair the blue monster played last weekend. gary player villa loved 
 while i won't be running for governor of new york state a race i would have won i have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned will happen 
 the top leadership of the new york state republican party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years 
 i have clearly stated that if the new york state republican party is able to unify i would run for governor and win. they can't unify -sad 
 "we are what we repeatedly do. excellence then is not an act but a habit."  -- aristotle 
 "one who fears failure limits his activities. failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again." -- henry ford 
 @mauriceconcha  thanks 
 amazing how the press protected president obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with zach g. he looked like a fool - they said cute 
 i just beat a lawyer from yale and a lawyer from harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions ($). they were so dumb 
 just did thetoday show to announce that baton rouge louisiana will host the miss usa pageant on sunday june 8th. @miss usa 
 trump victorious in fort lauderdale litigation http://t.co/wquruitujh 
 congratulations to @trumpintrealty for the two top rentals in 2013!  http://t.co/cmav5tdlas   #tirnyc 
 wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at trump park avenue—each one = $100000 per month http://t.co/cmav5tdlas 
 "always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other."  -- abraham lincoln 
 "by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." -- benjamin franklin 
 i love taking lawsuits all the way when i’m right. @agschneiderman  is finding that out the hard way 
 with the complete ft. lauderdale victory i will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable 
 just in:  a jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in ft. lauderdale 
 "the secret of getting ahead is getting started."  -- mark twain 
 "you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else." -- albert einstein 
 "rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx 
 "many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."-- thomas a. edison 
 have passion drive and enthusiasm? you can check out the @trumpcollection careers here: http://t.co/m5m5hgpfme 
 the massive blue monster @trumpdoral is getting rave reviews. i built it in one year—no easy feat 
 i’ve been watching very little @cnbc lately—the good news is i’m switching over to  @bloombergnews and @foxnews 
 other  worthy people were taken off the @cnbc list as well. stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility 
 the #cnbc 25 poll is a joke. i was in 9th place and taken off. (politics?) no wonder @cnbc ratings are going down the tubes 
 congratulations to patrick reed for winning at trump national doral. he told me the blue monster is "the best course i've ever played" 
 will be on fox &amp; friends at 7 (10 minutes). enjoy 
 leaders at trump national doral are only one under par. the great ben hogan said "i've never seen a great course that was easy!" 
 the newly built blue monster at trump national doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - thank you 
 "the road to success is always under construction." -- arnold palmer 
 congrats to @alcardenasacu and @cpacnews. i really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific 
 @sashamajerovsky  thanks sasha 
 the unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at cpac - thank you 
 actually i was very nice to jimmy carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for cpac - stated better pres. than obama 
 of course i don't think jimmy carter is dead-saw him today on t.v. just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as president stiff 
 trump international hotel &amp; tower toronto continues to receive accolades. great city great hotel. http://t.co/otv7xuufnv   #trumptoronto 
 "is business success a natural talent? i think it's a combination of aptitude work and luck."  -- think like a champion 
 "get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in today's world." -- think like a champion 
 "we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."-- gary player 
 "the more predictable the business the more valuable it is. predictability also means consistency of brand experience." --midas touch 
 elite traveler &amp; the 12 best hotel room views in the world http://t.co/3rqzqn0gj9  #trumpchicago 
 "you're never a loser until you quit trying." -- mike ditka 
 success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. -- think like a billionaire 
 the opening of the @tigerwoods villa at trumpdoral http://t.co/6ruaonpxh4 
 @charlierymergc  charlie sounds good to me 
 @colleencpa thanks colleen 
 live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. business is a creative endeavor 
 if you're passionate about your work you will never give up 
 remember to keep going--if you stop your momentum will stop 
 ".@kirschnerdavid                         @realdonaldtrump congrats mr. trump on making @forbes list of wealthiest in the world." thanks 
 @austinkaiser52 the 2 people i am most excited to hear speak on thrursday at @cpacnews is @govchristie &amp; @realdonaldtrump #dcbound" thanks 
 actually putin doesn't want alaska because the environmental protection agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil 
 what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska 
 baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in march in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. other places likewise. global warming con 
 @mitt romney strongly stated in one of the debates with pres. obama that russia is the big problem. obama scoffed. mitt was 100% correct 
 new york magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in n.y. and one donald trump was #2 after espn. actually i'm easily #1 
 @jtimberlake it was great having you play the blue monster. thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen 
 very exciting week for @trumpdoral. i will be in miami opening what will soon be best resort in u.s. world golf championship this week 
 @theellenshow  ellen you should get rid of andy lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. good try last night 
 i have always liked ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling 
 ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. the pizza skit was terrible. she should dump andy lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent 
 what is he reading? #oscars 
 m.m. is a good choice - also nice guy! #oscars 
 angelina and sidney had a really strange vibe going! #oscars 
 was president obama in charge of this years academy awards - they remind me of the obamacare website!  #oscars 
 this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #oscars 
 this cannot be the the academy awards #oscars awful 
 they should have allowed applause during the tribute to the departed - really bad production. bette midler sucked! #oscars 
 little andy lassner who lives his life through ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night! #oscars 
 judy garland was much better to put it mildly! #oscars 
 i don't know how much longer i can take this bullshit - so terrible! #oscars 
 ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #oscars 
 do you believe this singing? #oscars 
 which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #oscars or the emmys 
 they must be kidding - can this be happening #oscars 
 certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #oscars 
 i should host the #oscars just to shake things up - this is not good 
 just terrible! #oscars 
 is this boring or is it just me? #oscars 
 i'm having a real hard time watching the academy awards (so far). the last song was terrible! kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #oscars 
 i am at trump national doral in miami as the best golfers in the world start arriving for the world golf championship (cadillac). a big week 
 sissy graydon carter of failing vanity fair magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his v.f. oscar party is no longer "hot" 
 will be playing golf today with rand paul at trump international in palm beach. will be both interesting and fun 
 china has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words they will continue to screw the u.s. 
 by popular(extremely) demand i will be live tweeting the #oscars2014 on sunday night. tell all your friends i will not be pulling punches 
 @markburnetttv and his incredible wife @realromadowney did a fabulous movie @sonofgodmovie- see it 
 i'll be playing golf tomorrow in palm beach at the number one rated golf course in the state of florida trump international golf club 
 the world is falling apart around us but we don't have people who know how to play the game. the u.s. is in big trouble - no leadership 
 the u.s. has appealed ro russia not to intervene in ukraine - russia tells u.s. they will not become involved and then laughs loudly 
 obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously made bad choices and got high" - then how the hell did he get into columbia &amp; harvard 
 congrats to r. emmett tyrrell jr of @amspec for the fantastic piece on benghazi. http://t.co/hl2ygkrfle 
 lightweight @agschneiderman’s phony lawsuit against trump u was decimated by the court—he’s a loser 
 black politicians are in prison based on shirley huntley’s statements but not white @agschneiderman racism!  http://t.co/z2i22b7d21 
 i think the @newyorkobserver was far too nice to sleazebag @agschneiderman. he’s got plenty more to worry about 
 congrats to r. emmett tyrrell jr of @amspec for the fantastic piece on benghazi 
 congrats to charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming 
 @agschneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation 
 disappointed the @newyorkobserver article on @agschneiderman did not bring up his dealings w/ shirley huntley.  http://t.co/z2i22b7d21 
 "experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you."  -- aldous huxley 
 success tip:  keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 success tip: don't tread water. get out there and go for it. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface 
 success tip: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business out of ny so that he can get publicity for his failing political career 
 wow ny observer story about @agschneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. he’s bad for new york.  http://t.co/k61ryfurbh 
 @thebriangentry great advice. my dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business."  so true 
 just did final purchase on fabulous @lodgeatdoonbeg in ireland. will become trump international hotel &amp; golf links ireland. very exciting 
 to aspiring entrepreneurs: be tenacious. once you've decided on your goals remain fixed on them. set the bar high 
 to aspiring entrepreneurs:  be ready for problems. you'll have them every day. so remember to look at the solution--not the problem 
 to aspiring entrepreneurs:  trust your instincts. they are there for a reason 
 to aspiring entrepreneurs:  be focused! know your goals. put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day 
 models! remember to register for the trump model search. check out the info here: http://t.co/7mtup6zhp9 @cadillacchamp 
 congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic article--when b writes so nicely about you it really means something. http://t.co/ecw1hjcd9w 
 with the world hating us and wanting to destroy the u.s. we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since '39 
 iraq buying $200000000 worth of weapons from iran. despite so many killed and trillions spent iraq dumps u.s. i told you so long ago 
 building a personal brand? then focus on being great. focus on being the best at what you do. excellent article: http://t.co/5glflzucuk 
 entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. see yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. keep everyone moving forward 
 entrepreneurs:  don't expect anyone to be on your side. sometimes we're all in this alone. so believing in yourself is mandatory 
 entrepreneurs:  everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge then be in charge 
 we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time  dropping it from u.s. 
 whether you like it or not the russians did a great job in hosting the olympics! remember when obama went to europe to get olympics-fourth 
 will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7 a.m. - 20 minutes. enjoy 
 russia beat the united states in the olympics-another obama embarrassment! isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass 
 do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) mckay coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in florida 
 @danawhite - you have done an amazing job - i am proud to have been there at the very beginning 
 @allenwest  great seeing you last night at record setting mar-a-lago republican event. the crowd loved you 
 "great minds have purposes; others have wishes." --washington irving 
 "great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- samuel johnson 
 @michaelrcaputo thank you for all of your support you have been amazing 
 @kieranlalor  i created far more jobs and success in dutchess than you--you should be "fired." 
 i took a failed club in dutchess county &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. @kieranlalor should be thankful 
 @flgovscott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in miami--it's time. @willweatherford 
 individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.-- vince lombardi 
 a poll of the miami-dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in miami.   @willweatherford @flgovscott  http://t.co/q0qwxixrko 
 governor cuomo is right about one thing - attorney general eric schneiderman does wear eyeliner! what the hell is up with him 
 @joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!"  true thx 
 @ron_fournier  actually i like you 
 thank you to jeffrey lord @amspec for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant @buzzfeed 
 for the ny state repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 dems—is insane 
 thank you to matt boyle  @breitbartnews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @buzzfeed 
 ny state republican party must unify or november will be another disaster 
 internal polling shows that i would swamp @robastorino  in a ny republican primary 77% to 23%. but won’t run if party is not unified 
 @willweatherford @flgovscott gaming in miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue 
 @flgovscott  gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in fl—they’re afraid of miami—can’t believe their luck 
 i read @willweatherford’s comments that the lights are dimming on gambling in florida—nothing could be worse for the state 
 @alexsalmond sought my support after he released terrorist al megrahi who blew up pan am #103 killing all aboard. i said no way 
 my friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @todayshow this morning—a star 
 isn't it crazy i'm worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! wild 
 @amspec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @buzzfeed and the very dumb ben smith 
 i wonder how much money dumb @buzzfeed and even dumber ben smith loooose each year? they have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad 
 ben smith (is that really his last name?) of @buzzfeed is a total mess who probably got his minion coppins to do what he didn't want to do 
 amazing story in @breitbartnews about the sleazebag blogger coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @buzzfeed. congrats 
 "coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford 
 bloggers like mckay coppins &amp; @buzzfeed are true garbage with no credibility. record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. @piersmorgan 
 thank you jeffrey lord for the great article discrediting third rate @buzzfeed site &amp; slimebag reporter mckay coppins.@piersmorgan @amspec 
 a legitimate article about me...http://t.co/e2d1qadahm 
 it's not climate changeit's global warming.don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work 
 do you think john kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in iran and north korea and  pakistan already has them 
 do you believe this one - secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. laughable 
 don't let the global warming wiseguys get away with changing the name to climate change because the facts do not let gw tag to work anymore 
 due to the holiday i will not be doing fox &amp; friends this morning. next monday at 7 
 @loveandgarbage  never said it a total misquote 
 i never equated wind farms to the pan am lockerbie disaster - only stated that @alexsalmond should never have released the terrorist - bad 
 how come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in new hampshire buffalo and n.y. were all record breakers 
 @mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed 
 @lodgeatdoonbeg  one of the great places on the planet  and will only get better now that i own it and will be investing large sums in it 
 the brand new blue monster golf course at trump national doral is doing fantastic business. also the new driving range is open at night 
 a dishonest slob of a reporter who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife wrote a foolish &amp; boring trump "hit" 
 set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. be focused disciplined and alert every single day 
 "i never did a day's work in my life. it was all fun." -- thomas a. edison 
 @trumpdoral's #bluemonster looks fantastic. great time at the grand opening now looking forward to the @cadillacchamp 
 i hope that derek jeter has such a fantastic year with @yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. great guy 
 the irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing ugly wind turbines. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc 
 my new club on the atlantic ocean in ireland will soon be one of the best in the world - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines 
 do you believe the way karzai talks down to the united states - zero respect 
 @danscavino thanks dan 
 give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement 
 a big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. global warming anyone 
 our clubhouse facility &amp; suites in ireland @lodgeatdoonbeg  #trumpireland  http://t.co/zimh4iy9vg http://t.co/ujbjdbfkus 
 great making keynote speech at 2014 lincoln day dinner hosted by dan isaacs &amp; ny republican county committee. wonderful  people 
 if scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete bird killing wind turbines country will be destroyed. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc 
 my sons don and eric are in ireland looking at my new club. it will be phenomenal!  @lodgeatdoonbeg 
 "always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- abraham lincoln 
 "if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- thomas a. edison 
 "don't sell yourself short on something that is important. today is just the beginning."  -- think like a champion 
 if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily  change the law before an election 
 make it special!  no better place to celebrate st. patrick's day in the windy city than @trumpchicago http://t.co/1f2n7ab7mr 
 "trump lays out big plans for doonbeg  resort: billionaire says investment shows ireland’s economy recovering" http://t.co/jum2idyrwc 
 my sons don and eric are right now at doonbeg in ireland. there will be nothing like it 
 the people of ireland have been so great about my purchase of doonbeg -- i'll be there soon. @lodgeatdoonbeg 
 trump's championship #bluemonster course opens to rave reviews http://t.co/ew89uqnxv2  via @sacbee_news 
 looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the new york county lincoln day dinner. lots to talk about 
 great purchase in ireland--- will be a top spot! http://t.co/rnicqtitxw 
 remember to keep going: if you stop your momentum will stop. – think big 
 w/ views of nyc's skyline trump stamford is connecticut’s most luxurious high rise featuring trump amenities http://t.co/ezk3nifpix 
 "destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion 
 governor cuomo only cut the verrazano bridge tolls because i made it a major point in speeches. i love the people of staten island 
 anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam 
 @dualheadedeagle  true and thanks 
 @k_swisher69  thanks kasey 
 doing fox &amp; friends at 7.00 a.m. enjoy 
 i've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to staten island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered but not nearly enough 
 @wesleycooler3  but nobody asked-a great school 
 via @golfweekmag by @bkleingolfweek: donald trump reopens doral's blue monster http://t.co/zqxwpev4oo 
 46 stories above downtown new york @trumpsoho features loft-inspired interiors designed by fendi casa http://t.co/t3dksycts4 
 "remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive." - think like a champion 
 how does frumpy &amp; little read @nytimes editorial writer gail collins keep her job? she is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins 
 never allow your attitude to be a liability. be positive and strong. set your mind on winning-- and keep it there 
 negotiation: it is persuasion more than power 
 "just be tough be strong be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks."  think like a champion 
 "innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."-- steve jobs 
 "an investment in knowledge pays the best interest."-- benjamin franklin 
 the blue monster golf course officially opens tomorrow at trump national doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. great course great reviews 
 wow just in - obamacare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. disaster 
 when will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "stupid" things and begin to focus on lower taxes 
 massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in u.s. smart that global warming hoaxsters changed name to climate change! $$$$ 
 "realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others." - midas touch 
 congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws 
 cbo estimates over 2.3m jobs will be lost due to obamacare http://t.co/chg5fha2q5 elections have consequences 
 congrats to pres.obama and dems. cbo has tripled its estimate of working hours lost due to obamacare http://t.co/chg5fha2q5 job killer 
 @wineenthusiast’s highest rated wine in va @trumpwinery uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines http://t.co/ffceyi1fuv 
 in 2016 the old post office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination trump int'l washington dc http://t.co/vqihpmpfsx 
 "experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. do not underestimate them." - think like a champion 
 our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--thomas a. edison 
 wind energy is a complete economic disaster…. http://t.co/aqao9zgunz @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @david_cameron @aberdeenshire @scotparl 
 rio de janeiro joins the @trumpcollection in 2016. it’s going to be a spectacular hotel! http://t.co/abdosrzazo 
 "chance favors the prepared mind."-- louis pasteur 
 the president of the u.s. is the leader of the free world. he should dress like it at all times. wear a suit and a tie for major interviews 
 the @pgatour comes to miami on march 6th when the @cadillacchamp returns to @trumpdoral http://t.co/887inazsug see you there 
 watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. will be bad for the economy. we could use some global warming 
 the @broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year 
 via @miamiherald: @ivankatrump talks family and business http://t.co/saauccnf2b 
 i can't get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that was-the worst super bowl in history. the advertisers must be furious 
 this may be the worst football game ever played by one team denver! hard to watch 
 enjoy the super bowl 
 go to the website for the judge's full decision re trump university:  http://t.co/kynfhgoqda 
 court finds in favor of trump university http://t.co/pd5trocvwq 
 "the unforgivable crime is soft hitting. do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly." -  theodore roosevelt 
 to jamie dimon—i love kicking lightweight @agschneiderman’s ass. stop settling and fight 
 lightweight @agschneiderman just got his ass kicked by trump 
 for information on trump university victory call alan garten esquire at 212.836.3203 or jeff goldman esquire at 212.867.4466 
 wow--tremendous victory in the trump university case against lightweight @agschneiderman--just got the news 
 " @wealthyjack                     @realdonaldtrump true. i read it - great book mr. trump."  thanks 
 article from the street--the donald's trump card: himself http://t.co/lbrxofvpue 
 looking forward to being hosted by @nicklangworthy’s erie county lincoln leadership reception tonight. record crowd! can't wait 
 raffaele sollecito was unfairly convicted. he didn’t kill anyone. the italian government should be ashamed. @raffasolaries 
 via @breitbartnews by mboyle1: "exclusive - donald trump confirmed to speak at #cpac2014" http://t.co/ndy373ljga  @acuconservative @cpacnews 
 "for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- aristotle 
 @iamstevent stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! http://t.co/bvfjkjzmfb 
 design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable. – midas touch 
 success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. – think like a billionaire 
 are republicans suicidal? now they want to push amnesty through congress. allowing democrats into the country 
 the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights. will also increase crime 
 obama said in his sotu that global warming is a fact. sure about as factual as if you like your healthcare you can keep it 
 excited to announce trump rio de janeiro our first south american @trumpcollection hotel set to open in 2016 http://t.co/7um8bjfiti 
 with one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with atlanta texas and parts of florida freezing- global warming anyone 
 remember when "comedian" bill maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the world trade center-then got canned by abc 
 failing comedian bill maher who i got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past 
 press conference at the opening of the @garyplayer villa at @trumpdoral . http://t.co/nazv7rljgo 
 with @ivankatrump and @erictrump at the opening of the @garyplayer villa at @trumpdoral-  http://t.co/9hltb2hbnj 
 patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it. - mark twain 
 once obamacare is fully enacted in ny conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles &amp; worse care. job killer 
 "if you can't say great things about yourself who do you think will?" - think like a champion 
 wow honored to just pass 2.5m followers on @twitter. thanks to all my followers. we are going to have a great year together 
 just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book the art of the deal. great parent 
 the cheapest natural gas in the world is in the united states. - @boonepickens 
 always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. remember it’s only business and there will always be another day 
 now the un is attacking @redskins franchise http://t.co/majv6j8acp with all the world's problems is this really a top priority 
 welcome to the new reality! moody’s just downgraded the entire us health insurance industry because of obamacare 
 thanks to everyone for your support on @cnbc’s top leaders icons and rebels vvhttp://cnb.cx/1fi8fo5  thanks for voting trump 
 the @cadillacchamp returns to @trumpdoral on march 6th http://t.co/887inazsug watch top golfers of the world battle the blue monster 
 it was great being on @mikeandmike in the morning (espn)—two great guys fantastic show 
 mike &amp; mike in one minute 
 i will be on the mike &amp; mike show on radio and espn-at about 6 to 7 a.m. we will be talking super bowl and sports-no obama care 
 give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense 
 the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow 
 snowing in texas and louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. global warming is an expensive hoax 
 "being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art." a. warhol 
 creativity and control can go hand in hand. brainpower is the ultimate leverage 
 "it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer." -- albert einstein 
 how much is new york state spending on that obnoxious t.v. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work 
 steve jobs is spinning in his grave - apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back 
 i predicted apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iphone screen like samsung. i sold my apple stock 
 apple's iphone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen as alternative fast (as i said long ago)! samsung's size much better 
 everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- thomas a. edison 
 for entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss. it's fatal. it's costly. and it's for losers. you either get organized or get crushed 
 passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement 
 give your goals substance. imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. make them count on as many levels as you can 
 afghanistan's so called leader karzai is toying with the u.s 
 will be on fox &amp; friends at 7.00 -  enjoy 
 do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. the answer is no and we better move fast 
 any and all weather events are used by the global warming hoaxsters to justify higher taxes to save our planet! they don't believe it $$$$ 
 nbc news just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. is our country still spending money on the global warming hoax 
 have the right mindset for the job. see your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail 
 when times are difficult you must be even more focused. that’s when you will find profitable opportunities 
 via wsj. wake up @alexsalmond before you destroy scotland. @david_cameron @aberdeencc @pressjournal http://t.co/ofw93jxh6g 
 for all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for @apprenticenbc 
 90 stories over midtown new york trump world tower’s glass curtain wall is a true landmark http://t.co/sjcllgacdm 
 great day yesterday at  @trumpdoral unveiling the new gary player villa http://t.co/ajkuzlyqbg gary is a champion and a great guy 
 honored to be named as one of business’s top leaders icons and rebels by @cnbc http://t.co/yjh6brhqcp vote trump 
 "you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else."  albert einstein 
 "you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. it's important to never give up on yourself." -- think like a champion 
 great @unionleader  piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @necouncil &amp; @nhiop politics &amp; eggs  http://t.co/cpu79ojrli 
 will be leaving palm beach for the 11 a.m. ceremony opening the magnificent gary player villa at trump nationak doral miami. gary is great 
 set high standards and meet them. the proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks 
 happy anniversary to my wonderful wife @melaniatrump -- a truly great decision by me! http://t.co/eo9ei1njwv 
 learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves 
 you're never a loser until you quit trying. - mike ditka 
 hope &amp; change! china now controls a record number of our debt  http://t.co/qerjuhyulh 
 excited for tomorrow’s politics &amp; eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @necouncil &amp; @nhiop. live stream here http://t.co/0wen0kbnoj 
 people often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. momentum keeps it all going 
 "whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right."  henry ford 
 wwii vs. now! during the 3 1/2 years of world war ii that started with the japanese bombing of pearl harbor (cont) http://t.co/tyd2ajfpry 
 movie producer harvey weinstein who lost his company to colony capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really 
 fox &amp; friends at 7.00 
 to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head warm heart and beautiful common touch 
 rising over bay street @trumpto brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the queen city http://t.co/lu6cdh7vtd 
 wow just heard that that next tuesday’s @saintanselm politics &amp; eggs is the largest crowd ever. looking forward to making new friends 
 @edwardfcox and @robastorino who i like are intent on another new york state suicide mission. they've got to get their act together 
 to get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity 
 trust your instincts. they are there for a reason. without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top 
 talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - michael jordan 
 @newyorkgop leader ed cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. hopefully he can turn things around 
 senate concludes benghazi could have been prevented http://t.co/mbjwc4irdr 
 @breitbartnews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! andrew’s legacy lives on 
 looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for politics &amp; eggs next tuesday. see you in manchester! #nhpolitics 
 great article by @amspec's jeffrey lord: the reagan revolution. and now… the @realdonaldtrump revolution? http://t.co/btyirbjllb 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is fighting with @nygovcuomo –cuomo wins that one easily. schneiderman is a total loser 
 terrible story on front page of nytimes about lightweight @agschneiderman  http://t.co/u6k93dnl05 does eric wear eyeliner 
 hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected real estate weekly http://t.co/gbsvaf6n0p 
 to be a winner think like a winner. practice positive thinking--with reality checks 
 department of homeland security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget 
 i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the united states will start sending them money 
 @tedbishop38pga   thanks ted see you at the show 
 i would like to thank a great writer and person @jpappaspr. of real estate weekly for the wonderful story on me. very much appreciated 
 winning takes talent to repeat takes character. - john wooden 
 where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards 
 the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill. what is the delay? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama 
 gabriel sherman’s book on roger ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. publisher should be ashamed (and sued) 
 a-rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. he should be banned from spring training 
 @newyorkgop the ed cox letter to republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written. weakness-sad 
 watching gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! why didn't obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement 
 @newyorkgop  new york republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. this is your last decent shot 
 think positively. zap negativity immediately. focus on the solution not the problem. be persistent and alert--every single day. momentum 
 for great success you need passion but make sure it's well directed. learn everything you can about what you're doing. be an expert 
 #1 for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing 
 resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable 
 @cmo626 long time admirer.  want to buy one of your books for a friend.  any suggestions?"  the art of the deal is a good start 
 yankees should have dropped a-rod long ago not even bothered with arbitration. they would have saved a fortune 
 best speech in #goldenglobes history- http://t.co/unzmbvodmo 
 focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear 
 understand that difficulties mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. don't allow them to knock you off your feet 
 anticipate change and embrace it. recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors 
 @jglenstevens no we need a great businessman 
 @helena_torry i consider myself too perfect and have no faults 
 will be doing fox &amp; friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy 
 after watching all about the horror story that is a-rod i realized again that it is time to let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame 
 @rodstowell73  they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks 
 the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this. leadership must move fast and decisively 
 i will be doing fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. will be discussing all sorts of current disasters 
 whether you like obama or not bob gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! personally i hate rats 
 in politics and sometimes in life friends come and go but enemies accumulate 
 now that the obamacare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired 
 president obama just fired the obamacare website builder. my question is why were they hired in the first place? sue them for damages 
 the brand new blue monster just opened at trump national doral - miami. also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. go see 
 focus on your goals not your problems. problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone 
 be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. that's good business 
 "_xx_justme  i still can't believe donald trump responded to my tweet. "respect" #trump2016 he would be the best pres for this country." thx 
 it’s thursday. how many people have lost their healthcare today 
 #tbt with darrell hammond when i hosted snl. http://t.co/py6bxsrvpr 
 the trump organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. many new announcements to come soon 
 one of the world's tallest buildings @trumpchicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options http://t.co/anamgudure 
 via @foxnewslatino: donald trump plans huge towers in rio for post-olympic building boom http://t.co/ijve8kgvfg 
 thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th 
 offshore wind is a dead duck in scotland and it’s time alex salmond manned up stopped blaming westminster (cont) http://t.co/dti4kmitvm 
 the news about our beautiful miss venezuela monica spear is devastating to all who knew her. a spectacular woman she will be missed 
 @paula_white  one of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. keep up the good fight 
 we had a great year @macys with ties shirts and suits thanks!  new selections just arrived - they are amazing 
 tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies 
 why didn’t gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by obama? the fact is iraq etc. have always been disasters 
 while i am a critic of president obama i hate it when someone (robert gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss 
 please @21club go back to your original menu and preparation. believe me it was much better. let me know when the change is made 
 identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success 
 remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth 
 achievers move forward at all times. don't tread water. get out there and go for it 
 "stay confident even when something bad happens. it is just a bump in the road. it will pass." - think big 
 congratulations to @bretbaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @specialreport. brett is great 
 looking forward to hosting the @floridagop house majority 2014 golf tournament at trump int'l west palm beach on jan. 27th 
 we are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. global warming anyone 
 have your own vision &amp; stick with it. don't be afraid to be unique.every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level 
 entrepreneurs: set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. great leaders determine the teams they assemble 
 sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t but he should not have said that. so stupid 
 another one of my predictions just came true-- iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad 
 via @timepolitics by @zekejmiller: trump to visit new hampshire http://t.co/ydotddwcds 
 just hit a million on facebook- http://t.co/fdv4aloomz 
 most of the world's great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year 
 the future is always beginning now. -  mark strand former poet laureate 
 record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. where is global warming when you need it? 
 welcome to the new obamacare reality – doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery http://t.co/w2lru0takz 
 @trumpgolfla is the top public course in the country with magnificent pacific ocean views  http://t.co/myiwkyfivu 
 @fundanything has great campaigns. support one today http://t.co/w0mdqpckx4 
 via @bloombergnews by peter millard: "trump helps rio builders after olympics: corporate brazil" http://t.co/88bgcaflx8 
 try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain &amp; is an important element of success 
 a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. learning is a new beginning 
 i know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--henry david thoreau 
 invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. - sun tzu 
 snowden should come back to america and face justice. instead he is begging for clemency from moscow. treat him as a spy 
 it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it 
 "thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - think big 
 entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. keep that in mind when looking for opportunities 
 the only forbes 5 star &amp; 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star &amp; 5 diamond restaurant @trumpnewyork offers elite luxury http://t.co/5jkwzzruje 
 this very expensive global warming bullshit has got to stop. our planet is freezing record low tempsand our gw scientists are stuck in ice 
 today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it 
 have a happy successful and healthy new year 
 when it comes to money finance and even life protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself 
 make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family. happy new year everyone 
 tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. write a good one. — @bradpaisley 
 bring in 2014  @trumpsoho's  nye soireé -- nyc's most exclusive new year's eve party w/sohi &amp; @veuveclicquot http://t.co/zv0y7vxm6s 
 spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever 
 the con artists changed the name from global warming to climate change when global warming was no longer working and credibility was lost 
 what the hell is going on with global warming. the planet is freezing the ice is building and the g.w. scientists are stuck-a total con job 
 entrepreneurs – be tough resolute &amp; trustworthy. the most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals 
 no one remembers who came in second. -  walter hagen 
 the more predictable the business the more valuable it is. predictability also means consistency of brand experience. - midas touch 
 congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game 
 cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis 
 ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit 
 be tough be focused. there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them 
 temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. global warming folks iced in 
 in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do 
 we're coming up on the new year-it is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in washington we make it best ever 
 the global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-fame 
 we should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing global warming-a total hoax 
 the rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the global warming scientists has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). ironic 
 will be working with contractors at trump national doral in miami today 
 @proudlysa  as a major fan of nelson mandela and the people of south africa all of my statements are made with love. protect his legacy now 
 via  @shinysheet: "mar-a-lago to host top equestrian jumpers: trump invitational will benefit 90 area charities." http://t.co/yeahduaa25 
 "be on time. wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - think like a champion 
 it is really too bad that the scientists studying global warming in antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold 
 #tbt with barbara walters on my helicopter going somewhere. http://t.co/pnqxwj2v4h 
 thank you to @amspec &amp; jeffrey lord for the lovely article governor trump? the conservative nelson rockefeller. http://t.co/1yhfiyy82v 
 celebrating new year's eve in the windy city? join @trumpchicago for the chic &amp; elegant cirque soiree celebration http://t.co/cboysymnza 
 "do your homework. wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression."- think like a billionaire 
 o.k. christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory 
 i hope everybody is having a fantastic christmas! no matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory 
 the new pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why i like him so much 
 merry christmas have an amazing day 
 without passion you don't have energy and without energy you don't have anything 
 push yourself again and again. don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. - larry bird 
 i could fix existing tappan zee bridge for peanuts. unfortunately gov cuomo will end up spending more than $10b on this project. $25 tolls 
 i'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very merry christmas and happy new year 
 entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard 
 entrepreneurs: whatever happens you're responsible. if it doesn't happen you're responsible 
 entrepreneurs: apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. see yourself as victorious--which means never giving up 
 always try to learn from other peoples mistakes not your own - it is much cheaper that way 
 sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make 
 did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. never look back just learn from your experience 
 realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge--everything starts with you 
 entrepreneurs: be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins 
 @tseay18 find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. then focus and never give up 
 " @zootmantom                 @realdonaldtrump love your words of wisdom.  merry christmas &amp; happy new year"  thanks 
 #3.  look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 #2.  keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 #1. keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 will be on fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy 
 #hasjustinelandedyet- justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy? not nice or fair! i will support @aidforafrica. justine is fired 
 @herschelwalker  great interview with tim mccarver! have a fantastic christmas and new year 
 the herschel walker interview on the tim mccarver show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. congrats to herschel and tim 
 with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in new york and new jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection 
 i am going to trump national doral in miami today to check out the brand new and just opened blue monster and the spectacular driving range 
 it was 25 years ago today that pan am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @alexsalmond released the terrorist 
 remember the harder you work the luckier you get 
 fernando thank you for the great review of the blue monster in south florida golf-especially top 10 in the world. i love @soflagolf 
 i had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #askthedonald. see if your question made it- http://t.co/sbloy0jxmj 
 if you don't believe in yourself no one else will 
 personally i think douglas durst's brother got screwed by douglas--no wonder he's angry 
 @agschneiderman why is douglas durst allowed to use the freedom tower to get out of a lease with conde nast 
 @richard_meier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed 
 secret service members on break from obama’s $4m vacation are more than welcomed to relax at hawaii’s top hotel @trumpwaikiki 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at 
 guess what folks--the obamacare website just went down again. what a disaster 
 if you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. every change is a new opportunity to use your talent 
 every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - babe ruth 
 what's with this rap stuff with me and ebenezer scrooge? http://t.co/g4zbtjukgw 
 it’s friday. how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare 
 trump national hudson valley's 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. http://t.co/fz5o9bgngz 
 packed with holiday celebrations members &amp; staff are enjoying the first christmas season at @trump_charlotte http://t.co/7slx4k35z1 
 rated toronto's #1 hotel @trumpto has 261 guest rooms &amp; suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style.  http://t.co/fogch2mx2c 
 white house relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of obamacare! they are desperate 
 if you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter. learn from your mistakes and push forward to victory-the sweetest feeling there is 
 build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - knute rockne 
 obamacare horror story: navigators tell applicants to lie like administration http://t.co/o3cua4gyzr @jamesokeefeiii strikes again 
 can’t fool americans. 57% of uninsured hate obamacare http://t.co/u1du47apas reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity 
 young entrepreneurs – the holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. focus 
 a really nice article about the blue monster from the street.      http://t.co/cv5n5pfdij 
 every day pastor saeed is imprisoned by iran is an indictment on obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #savesaeed 
 pres. obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ hawaii putting secret service away from families on christmas. aloha 
 no cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps &amp; not a single cut to obamacare yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad 
 #tbt taking piano lessons from my friend elton john. http://t.co/gdyk6eylai 
 i am so honored by all the great ny state repubs who came to my office called &amp; wrote for me to run for governor. if i do i will win 
 new york republican leader @edwardfcox is pushing my friend @robastorino into political suicide. results won’t be pleasant 
 enough about my ties etc. @macys but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @macys loves trump) 
 i like rob astorino. he's a friend and really good guy. sadly he has zero chance of beating cuomo and the 2 to 1 dems for governor 
 go to macy's today and buy trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a christmas or holiday present.great style great price! only the best 
 the coolest story is that john beale the man who headed up climate change for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.arrested 
 the more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. move on and quickly embrace the next challenge 
 i just left the trump tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in nyc-- fun!  #trumptower 
 for all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work remember: hope is the poor man’s bread 
 alternatives are important but first repubs must repeal obamacare. it's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare 
 the trump signature collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. great style &amp; design exclusively available @macys 
 if you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business. – think like a billionaire 
 you can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore. -roger ailes to pres. reagan during prep for 2nd mondale debate/ '84 election 
 i have never met a successful person that was a quitter. successful people never ever give up 
 @regis  regis you are the greatest 
 frack now &amp; frack fast!!! american prosperity depends on it. our economic renaissance is here 
 benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists http://t.co/2511unqf1i congratulations to the obama administration 
 @golfweekmag's "best @golfweekphotos of 2013":  donald trump at @trumpdoral http://t.co/p7utsnr8b5 
 obamacare story of the day: florida cancer patient loses insurance during treatment b/c of obamacare http://t.co/zngtuhjat6 
 2013 is the worst year ever for hollywood. garbage released after garbage. what is going on in these studios? 
 big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - theodore roosevelt 
 unsustainable. with our $17t debt &amp; $90t in unfunded liabilities government blatantly wasted $30b this year http://t.co/6jdloagqni 
 @trumpscotland’s beautiful macleod house &amp; lodge offers luxurious accommodations &amp; dining w/ sea views  http://t.co/aedsjdgxfr 
 when @crowleycnn defended obama on benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie http://t.co/k7nw9pkcja 
 congrats to pres.obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost's biggest pinocchios of the year http://t.co/k7nw9pkcja  great accomplishment 
 no better place to celebrate new year’s eve than @trumpsoho the most elite hotel in downtown nyc http://t.co/bo8isijfee 
 prime minister @david_cameron is very foolish in giving @alexsalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland 
 under president obama do you think america will become a third world country 
 who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent 
 @ali_nugent  good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all 
 wow a really great review of my golf club in scotland @trumpscotland in todaysgolferco.uk. thank you! http://t.co/5ibgld5dhm 
 get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in today’s world. – think like a champion 
 wow just in-john beale the top person in government on climate change (epa) is a total fraud and just admitted it! what can they say now 
 we should be focusing on beautiful clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive global warming bullshit! china &amp; others are hurting our air 
 they call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. same people fighting hard to keep it all going 
 59% of the united states by area is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. the "global warming" name isn't working anymore-sorry 
 wow it's snowing in isreal and on the pyramids in egypt. are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? make u.s. competitive 
 president obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  sa 
 the united states is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.pendulum has swung to cool 
 @macys  the donald j. trump signature line of shirts ties really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best christmas &amp; holiday gift by far 
 have a great weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. never lose sight of the victory ahead 
 @vanityfair  i love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why i like watching the dismal circulation numbers of vanity fair-it's dead 
 i really like nelson mandela but south africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people 
 is business success a natural talent? i think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck. – think like a champion 
 the evidence continues to mount against lightweight @agschneiderman.  it is time for jcope and moreland commissions to act 
 @politifact’s #lieoftheyear is obama’s if you like your health care plan you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade 
 via @gatewaypundit: please pray for me… i am losing my insurance http://t.co/g0bat4ouhf   just one of the millions of cases like this 
 now sebelius is 'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid http://t.co/tdznswijhf  complete mess. enrollment numbers are a sham 
 the ill-conceived windfarm that @alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. only a fool would build it or want it 
 if graydon carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fair-his bad food restaurants die 
 bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay 
 the talk in albany is that jcope &amp; moreland commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) http://t.co/tchmrjcqma 
 sources inside @agschneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss 
 my complaint against @agschneiderman is a case study for jcope &amp; moreland commissions on everything that is wrong with nys politics 
 economics behind ugly bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) http://t.co/0qgvx4gs1w 
 can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic south africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. such danger-give 10 years 
 what a sad thing that the  memory of nelson mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral 
 how amazing the state health director who verified copies of obama’s birth certificate died in plane crash today. all others lived 
 i hope you all are looking at the donald j. trump signature collection of ties shirts &amp; cufflinks @macys—great for christmas &amp; holidays 
 exciting news—after massive construction the blue monster at trump national doral is open for business today. http://t.co/4katxxwm9q 
 a $1.5b website that can only handle 50k users at a time is sad but no surprise 
 our prayers are with rev. @billygraham for a speedy recovery. his faith continues to inspire us all 
 via @patheosfamily by @bristolsblog:  "trump weighs in on saeed: obama 'didn’t even ask'" http://t.co/dp6w5dq7ev thanks bristol 
 had dinner last night at megu 845 united nations plaza--fabulous food beautiful restaurant 
 via @christianpost "@naghmehabedini to testify at new congressional hearing on persecution of pastor saeed abedini" http://t.co/eapdnuonlk 
 via @theblaze by @billyhallowell:donald trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastor’s freedom in iran http://t.co/waanzqpvyf 
 this is one of the coldest winters ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! so much for global warming 
 i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 p.m. on cnn. tune in 
 the atrium of @trumptowerny dressed up for christmas- http://t.co/0fhezyt6o3 
 @bencooner @red931fm @scotthallnwo @jassisidhu @b_coalition @wwe @0 happy birthday sarina 
 let pete into the hall of fame- http://t.co/6kslufzrhw @peterose_14 
 why does conde nast allow dopey graydon carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @vanityfair magazine 
 president obama's approval rating at 38% is at an all-time low. gee i wonder why 
 @trumpdoral  the brand new blue monster at trump national doral has recieved great reviews from the golf critics. check it out-opens dec. 14 
 @trumpdoral  the blue monster at trump national doral opens for play on saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course 
 it's amazing how badly the knicks and nets are playing. everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. too bad 
 via @aclj: "pastor saeed's wife expresses gratitude to donald trump for raising her husband's plight" http://t.co/wq1am9p6tv 
 re kerry admitting to working for pastor abedini’s release--why has us already released iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? dumb 
 @johnkerry claims he has "never stopped working f/pastor abedini’s release through back channels."  where are the results 
 after climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- nelson mandela 
 a beautiful view from my office today- http://t.co/shwliuxf2h 
 know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. – think like a champion 
 @markhalperin’s and john heilemann’s  book double down is an excellent read on the just passed election. great book congrats! @jheil 
 come on mlb do the right thing! let @peterose_14 into the hall.  no drugs—just hard work and talent 
 great meeting with @naghmehabedini the wonderful wife of christian pastor saeed who is in iranian prison. #savesaeed http://t.co/ertlfwrs11 
 how can nys allow lightweight @agschneiderman to remain in office? what are jcope &amp; moreland commissions waiting on? http://t.co/gdilw5ovjx 
 illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @agschneiderman. http://t.co/dkbnc6dkpd 
 via @worldnetdaily by @michaelcarl7: trump: obama blew chance to free u.s. pastor http://t.co/rz2ffrgajw 
 iran must immediately allow christian #pastorsaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted) 
 naghmeh abedini the lovely wife of the christian pastor saeed being held in an iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed 
 state senator shirley huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on @agschneiderman nobody listened. racism 
 major league baseball: the best thing you can do is let @peterose_14---your all time hits leader---into the hall of fame. it's time 
 if graydon carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fair-his bad food restaurants die 
 the ill-conceived windfarm that @alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. only a fool would build it or want it 
 bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay 
 wh claims it lied about pres. obama living with his uncle b/c wasn’t mentioned in his book. i guess bill ayers never knew about it 
 where’s the leadership? obama only met with sebelius once since obamacare passed  http://t.co/acaa5e50cs  his signature legislation 
 graydon carter whose reign over failing @vanityfair has been a disaster has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews 
 it’s time for @peterose_14 to enter @mlb’s @baseballhall. all time hits leader has paid the price 
 congrats to @joetorre @tonylarussa &amp; bobby cox on all being unanimously elected to @mlb’s @baseballhall! great leaders &amp; managers 
 as always &amp; due to popular demand@trumprink will be open  christmas eve &amp; day as well as new year's eve &amp; day http://t.co/lxbxg52zki 
 courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace. – nelson mandela 
 via @bluegreentweet: "scottish wind farm opposed by donald trump delayed"http://t.co/ywlqascqsq 
 just read @piersmorgan’s book shooting straight and whether you love him or hate him (i’m in the first category) it is terrific 
 just left florida amazing how well state is doing-- jobs way up taxes down. congrats to @flgovscott 
 i really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every monday at 7 am.  @sdoocy @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people 
 the unaffordable care act sometimes referred to as obamacare is not working. millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud 
 obama said he never met his uncle oscar who was arrested for whatever. turns out he lived with his uncle in boston. so many lies 
 @vanityfair   wow i just looked at the circulation numbers - vanity fair magazine won't be around much longer it's really in bad shape 
 just got back to new york from california. will be on fox  &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. obamacare and other disasters to be discussed 
 p.s. - there is also something really good to say about humility. being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all 
 people are always asking me about the very special word confidence. the fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. is derived from winning 
 show me someone without an ego and i'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life 
 @loispope1   word is that the dinner tonight at mar-a-lago hosted by the incomparable lois pope was fabulous. big money raised for charity 
 in making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself 
 my father fred trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where i am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge 
 don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. there are always opportunities 
 after every setback start thinking big as soon as possible. - think big 
 @trumthomp  thanks 
 my shirts ties &amp; cufflinks @macys have never been better or more beautiful. great holiday gifts great price 
 you can't put a limit on anything. the more you dream the farther you get. - @michaelphelps 
 it's friday. how much money has been wasted on defunct obamacare website today 
 the now $1.2b obamacare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. http://t.co/w1zv7sthbi 
 looking forward to hosting @naghmehabedini next week @trumptowerny. the white house has  abandoned her husband christian pastor abedini 
 iran has never had a better friend than obama 
 steps away from waikiki's famous beaches @trumpwaikiki is hawaii’s top destination  w/our signature amenities  http://t.co/vggmsi0yji 
 trump tower at century city brings luxury to makati the financial &amp; social capital of philippines http://t.co/xgyo2vawfq 
 @billbratton was a great choice for nyc police commissioner. he will make us proud and safe 
 @kbetter52 thank you 
 we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming 
 great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #expo2020 - we will all be there 
 @robertw33157775 thanks 
 ice storm rolls from texas to tennessee - i'm in los angeles and it's freezing. global warming is a total and very expensive hoax 
 it always seems impossible until it is done. --nelson mandela 
 a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- nelson mandela 
 nelson mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. http://t.co/gvzirpwbkb 
 "you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else." -- albert einstein 
 leaving today for california to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp; club on the palos verdes peninsula. big success. http://t.co/jcbyqcich2 
 why is it that when warren buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts 
 off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build &amp; operate—don’t work. (cont) http://t.co/yam3dsc3ln 
 @vattenfallgroup wants out of their aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @alexsalmond won’t let them—he’s (cont) http://t.co/3mmhwzjmgz 
 @vattenfallgroup couldn’t sell its money losing aberdeen windfarm—so @alexsalmond forced phony extension. @aberdeencc @aberdeenshire 
 the problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the u.s. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while china &amp; others do nothing 
 wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. must be global warming i mean climate change 
 our billion dollar website- http://t.co/jbpmopi1l2 
 a special message for martin bashir- http://t.co/7ppojclyer 
 congrats to @msnbc for firing martin bashir—don’t feel badly he didn’t get ratings anyway. @sarahpalinusa 
 sleazebag @bashirlive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. his pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @sarahpalinusa 
 "i never did give anybody hell. i just told the truth and they thought it was hell." --harry s. truman 
 "to become a champion fight one more round." -- james j. corbett long ago heavyweight champion 
 "those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it."  -- albert camus 
 denver minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. what are the global warming geniuses saying about this 
 the road to easy street goes through the sewer. – john madden 
 there are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- beverly sills 
 new reality. yuan just passed the euro as 2nd most traded finance currency http://t.co/emagwnmqxv  our leaders better get smart fast 
 wow it’s now official. obamacare website has topped $1b http://t.co/2irbjtkr15 will soon be up to $1.5b 
 @candy_uptigrove  thanks 
 @codyaa722 yes it will happen 
 @jeffreypham great 
 @michaelarrante happy birthday 
 @trumpsoho’s four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices each embodying excellence http://t.co/4xhdjlvihf 
 @trumpchicago grand deluxe suites = chicago’s most spacious hotel rooms each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows http://t.co/ueo8bfyka5 
 @paulsriddell  thank you 
 @wakimotho  thanks 
 @brown97m thank you 
 @stefthomason great 
 @puddlejumper365 you have to have passion for your work. that's most important. then keep your focus intact. good luck 
 you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. just remember they all want to be you 
 with few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. hard work is also important but "brains" will supersede 
 i just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked new york state attorney general eric schneiderman-he should resign from office 
 too bad about new york magazine but there's a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that i'll soon discuss 
 remember i predicted that new york magazine would  fold and people scoffed? just announced (n.y.post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back 
 @laker_steve   thanks steve 
 if you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over? - john wooden 
 here we go again via @timesunion.com http://t.co/8tc9qbugbz ... another bad deal 
 @griffithspb  thanks 
 @clary77 thank you 
 @kevredford have fun enjoy nyc 
 build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. that’s building the right way. – think like a champion 
 congratulations to the white house. for every 1 obamacare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. very unfair 
 dying @gqmagazine just named me to a list. too bad gq is no longer relevant—won’t be around long 
 many great business campaigns at @fundanything http://t.co/p8wc062awf great way to support small upstarts 
 trump int. hotel &amp; tower vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful  tower http://t.co/zaa6vdqkie 
 a fine man dr. paul f. crouch has just passed away. all christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @tbn 
 @pinguspusher thank you 
 the least number of hurricanes in the u.s. in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it 
 that was a great football game 
 @10ajmccarron  aj is a great quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. what a pass 
 wow the obamacare website which president obama said would be working today is a total mess with many functions not even thought about 
 just left $259 million rebuilding of doral in miami. amazing - trump national doral will be a masterpiece (if i do say so myself) 
 i hope you buy my shirts and ties at @macys 
 today is the day that obamacare website was supposed to be up and working. wrong-website is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed 
 offshore wind in europe: lessons for the u.s. http://t.co/nty91wf8b1 via @huffpostgreen the lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!" 
 first minister salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond 
 trump international in dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius 
 congratulations to dubai on winning the rights to host expo 2020! a great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020 
 my ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-the best-available at macy's 
 work begins on the old post office in washington d.c. in 3 months. it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world 
 i am in miami at trump national doral. just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. blue monster complete-opens dec 14 
 @rspbscotland  rspb is a total joke-they went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course 
 @rspbscotland @alexsalmond the same man that released pan am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy scotland with grotesque turbines 
 @rspbscotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond 
 happy thanksgiving everyone enjoy your day 
 i truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world 
 can you believe that "president" karzai of afghanistan is holding out for more more more and refuses to sign deal. tell him to go to hell 
 despite the fact that i have had great success with the words you're fired i do not like firing people. but zero on obamacare mess-no way 
 why doesn't president obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that obamacare was a mistake and deal a really great plan 
 us froze $8b in iranian assets during ’79 hostage crisis. now obama is giving it back to iran while christian pastor is jailed. don't do it 
 happy thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers 
 tell iran to let our christian pastor go--and i mean right now. if they don't there will be hell to pay 
 make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family 
 the $1b failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the obamacare. over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year 
 "iranian officials say that the wh is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement" http://t.co/bnbutaknwy 
 war on the families. price of electricity hit record high in october http://t.co/4khsbqvwij  terrible especially during holiday season 
 reigning @apprenticenbc champion @traceadkins does great work with @wwpinc. donate to an injured warrior today http://t.co/nrhl8hiwlq 
 via @moscowtimes: "donald trump in new @eminofficial video" http://t.co/cndv9txxqj  emin &amp; family are wonderful people 
 come celebrate thanksgiving in the windy city at @trumpchicago’s 5 star 5 diamond "sixteen" restaurant http://t.co/swev2n1ttw 
 @thesween_bean thank you and happy thanksgiving 
 learn know and show. it’s a proven formula. put it to use starting today. – think like a champion 
 @nicole_tri16 @trumptowerny  thank you 
 @patrickjfsmith   thanks 
 @seankanderson great 
 via @worldnetdaily: "jailed u.s. pastor's wife praises trump: 'i hope more people like him will speak out'"  http://t.co/y7mjtlsa0y 
 @cdaeda @rspbscotland @natures_voice no way they are bird killing machines 
 @frankmdavisjr @trumptowerny  thanks 
 @mckay317 @trumptowerny  i will check it out thanks 
 mr. president tell iran to immediately free the christian pastor as a sign of good faith &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions 
 president obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan period! this turned out to be a total lie-90 mill 
 look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example 
 look great for thanksgiving. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers top men's styles http://t.co/mahenjax8f 
 how does obama rationalize giving iran $8b in sanction relief when a christian pastor is being tortured in an iranian prison 
 wind power company fined $1 million for killing birds. golden eagles among victims...http://t.co/iasq4hhpac @rspbscotland @natures_voice 
 we enjoy hosting tourists in @trumptowerny. they come from all over the world to see the atrium a nyc landmark. http://t.co/iqbu9puot1 
 when do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless obamacare website 
 i can't believe no one has been fired over the obamacare website fiasco 
 in vegas? enjoy thanksgiving in @trumplasvegas' djt lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day http://t.co/jsmjhze4jf 
 wind power company fined $1 million for killing birds. golden eagles among victims...http://t.co/iasq4hhpac @alexsalmond @aberdeenshire 
 vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good 
 i will be in palm beach jupiter and miami today checking on big construction projects. i love florida and love on time and on budget const 
 president obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-i guess they can only take so much 
 new poll wow-53% say president obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. what took them so long. go back and look at his house purchase in chicago 
 don't worry the united states will be great again 
 just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the u.s. someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership 
 the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. – the art of the deal 
 why didn't obama as part of the negotiation free the christian pastor saeed abedini?  http://t.co/nrqhodbwa0 
 obama is going to take away over 90m americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting iran keep its nukes. just think about that 
 who would  you rather have negotiating with iran--president obama or toronto mayor ford? my money is on ford 
 realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge. everything starts with you 
 don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives 
 after settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars j.p.morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-dumb 
 best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - trump: the art of the deal.  go get it and others washington - you really can do better 
 i know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn't it about time we start right now. make america great again 
 the reason great dealmakers do not openly celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side 
 john kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with iran. great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one 
 tom brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs 
 tom brady has done a great job tonight-amazing new england comeback. good game- not over yet 
 we had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. why 
 how much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - obamacare iran syria bads deals. just never ends 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7. will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence of which our "leaders" have plenty 
 i do not understand how so many of my jewish friends backed obama in the last election. he is a total disaster for israel-and always will be 
 how far has the united states gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with iran. read the art of the deal 
 what a rotten deal we made with iran. we get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). they get everything including delay and big cash 
 they changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working 
 the people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you obamacare 
 snow and ice freezing weather in texas arizona and oklahoma - what the hell is going on with global warming 
 get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end fast 
 the scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head 
 we are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the iran nuclear talks. strengthen sanctions until great deal is made 
 young entrepreneurs – keep positive. don’t let the obamacare disaster stop your endeavors. there are great opportunities out there 
 @pattycake77777 happy birthday 
 it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today 
 republicans have the right approach to obamacare – let it fail.  free market solutions will be embraced by americans in 2016 
 such a nice article in the new york times about a wonderful developer arthur zeckendorf  http://t.co/ryuh1k1gpb 
 thomas jefferson wrote the senate filibuster rule. harry reid &amp; obama killed it yesterday.  rule was in effect for over 200 years 
 since the democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority 
 hypocrite. watch senator obama defend "democratic debate' of senate filibuster rules in 2005  http://t.co/z8sh1yopn1 
 if jp morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target 
 lightweight shakedown artist ag eric schneiderman was exposed in today’s new york post editorial  http://t.co/iopq71i41q 
 for all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great charles bronson-no more crime 
 weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" of course there is and weakness will only make it worse 
 if you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson) 
 knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. we better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns 
 emails prove wh knew obamacare website wouldn't work in october -- why didn't they delay the launch?  http://t.co/uumharxfda 
 i answered my @facebook fans questions via video- watch- http://t.co/0kgnntge34 
 70 stores above punta pacifica's pristine peninsula @trumppanama offers fine dining five pools &amp; luxury rooms http://t.co/5mbftkdih0 
 host of the 2017 u.s. women's open trump bedminster has been rated one of america's best golf courses 
 we have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in afghanistan. their government has zero appreciation. let's get out 
 "figure out what really moves you. you've got to have the 'fire' in order to have the midas touch." -- midas touch 
 florida power &amp; light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in palm beach. @insidefpl 
 today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind victory 
 @morningmika   i'm watching joe (who is 100% correct on afghanistan) fondling the once great time magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is 
 do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by u.s.a.  make america great 
 "results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion 
 "if you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it." -- charles kettering 
 congrats to congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans http://t.co/uxeekmjp2g why should they suffer like regular americans 
 when warren buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy nobody cares—when trump plays the game it becomes a big deal!  http://t.co/xiyoo3fxev 
 @swanrose2013  i create jobs 
 @facebook_ben thanks 
 @chadasletten thanks 
 @nolanitenyc sad 
 @damoncanel @trumplasvegas thank you 
 @libertybellskp so true 
 offering true luxury @trump_charlotte has spectacular restaurants olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts http://t.co/kwj1jklupa 
 $1b down another $1b to go. obamacare website is 40% unfinished. this is beyond pathetic 
 congratulations to @miketyson on the success of his new book "undisputed truth" &amp; @hbo special--and thanks for the nice words mike 
 @wantonsoop  true 
 @meghanfaheyy great 
 @matt_marcolini @missuniverse @trumptowerny thank you 
 emin from russia--a very talented guy. all proceeds go to help the philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse http://t.co/y6tjl7znrd 
 afghanistan leaders want the u.s. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the u.s. but first they want apology 
 "if everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- mario andretti" 
 work is fun deals are fun life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. go out there and make your family proud 
 always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back 
 advertising is totally unnecessary. unless you hope to make money.  - jef i. richards 
 the next obamacare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans 
 broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal 
 "if everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- mario andretti 
 jamie dimon just gave away $13b to government in settlement. terrible move &amp; bad precedent.  could have done much better by fighting 
 priorities. while obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay http://t.co/hiucoxhb1x no surprise 
 guess who is talking to @missuniverse at @trumptowerny? not terrible hair! http://t.co/nbklscciqr 
 64 stories of golden glass over the strip @trumplasvegas’ elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows http://t.co/awebyrgxfl 
 one of @golfworldus top private clubs @trumpnationalny features a jim fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course http://t.co/xcgyclqa3h 
 @chucktodd @meetthepress @jack_welch chuck--very fair best wishes 
 just as i said last october census workers cooked the job numbers for obama right before the election http://t.co/g8yxdbu1be 
 last october on @meetthepress @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and i for saying obama cooked the job number. will he apologize 
 flashback -  october 9 2012: donald trump: jobs numbers are 'a lot of monkey business' http://t.co/xwnkrwl3sp  proven right again 
 congratulations to @mariabartiromo on her big move to @foxbusiness. she is a total winner 
 i got george zimmerman right- watch- http://t.co/mfkkeyc51n 
 go to work today be smart think positively and win 
 i took some heat a long time ago when i said that george zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. i know people and this guy is no good-trouble 
 "the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- steve jobs 
 our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes 
 w/ signature trump amenities 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants @trumpwaikiki brings excellence to hawaii http://t.co/saww8bgjbz 
 president obama played golf yesterday 
 the polls have shown that dead people voted for president obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right 
 i will be going to trump national doral in miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new blue monster. amazing 
 how did the ncaa which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from penn state. others zero 
 maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare 
 the wimps that run penn state should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy 
 i wonder if the rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming 
 football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatoryracist and can be viewed as bullying 
 i wonder what the late great vince lombardi would say about the rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled 
 the real j.p.morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. a settler is a soft target 
 13 billion 4.5 billion-these are the stupid settlements that j.p.morgan just made. why don't they fight? no wonder they keep getting sued 
 @not_that_actor   very good 
 @gary4205   thanks gary 
 @eveningexpress   thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. you provide a great and important service to the people of scotland 
 @reaiosmelsousa   great job in helping our wonderful miss universe - there is nobody like you - congratulations 
 winning is habit. unfortunately so is losing. - vince lombardi 
 again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america 
 rumor has it apple is going to release iphones with bigger screens. that's good news 
 be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. that’s good business. – think like a champion 
 a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better. – midas touch 
 the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don't fold - go for it 
 did president obama have a rough day yesterday or what? he has got to start telling the truth - no more lies or deception 
 the cast has been largely selected for next year's celebrity apprentice.  wait 'till you hear the names-amazing! season 14-many nights at #1 
 @grouponegav   yes online through macy's 
 @missuniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! http://t.co/zhqe8ehemt 
 he who defends everywhere defends nowhere. – sun tzu 
 i'll be on @gretawire on the record tonight to talk about the obamacare fiasco--7 pm on fox news 
 obama friend got a no-bid $635m contract to build website http://t.co/aa1q7bo0kp and now she will get more to fix it 
 more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america 
 @mikedemkiw  true 
 breaking news--negotiations with iranians broke down because obama insisted that they use obamacare 
 president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter 
 in a new poll a majority of people felt  the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. who are the fools who don't think he lied 
 @bretbaier  you are doing really great - keep it up (of which i have no doubt) 
 icymi-- "@melaniatrump               reading newspapers and see...  #billygraham95 #happybirthday  @billygraham http://t.co/cdyt5btami" 
 the same people that built the obamacare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a us citizen. incompetent 
 can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the obamacare website is not a us citizen—she’s from colombia 
 no matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late 
 obamacare is on life support - it will soon be dead on arrival - a bad concept that was imcompetently administered 
 president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare. his problem is that such a move would end obamacare 
 obamacare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 americans losing coverage less than 50ooo new signups 
 everyone should watch the documentary ‘windfall’ on @netflix. see an upstate ny town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms 
 @jamesokeefeiii’s @project_veritas has exposed the massive obamacare fraud perpetuated by navigator programs http://t.co/ztu8i6gyq1 
 @pennjillette &amp; @adamrifkin’s director’s cut has 4 days to go until it meets its @fundanything goal http://t.co/zfwcc1i83x 
 via @moscowtimes  donald trump planning skyscraper in moscow http://t.co/ubihdd5sqr 
 @oliviaculpo @agalarovaras @eminofficial @iamstevent @crocuscityhall crocus city hall in moscow is a fabulous place 
 miss usa pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won't be in miami doral in 2014-- mayor boria voted against it. i want total support 
 @eminofficial  emin your performance at miss universe was fantastic - you are a star 
 @judithdbailey   thank you 
 @wcmartzofficial  thank you 
 true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow! - general norman schwarzkopf 
 @agalarovaras   i had a great weekend with you and your family. you have done a fantastic job. trump tower-moscow is next. emin was wow 
 @iamstevent gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @missuniverse. standing ovation 
 happy veterans day to all in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are 
 we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave 
 don't worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things 
 while i was in moscow i see that president obsma apologized for his lie i mean statement on obamacare! how nice of him to be so forthright 
 the republicans must be patient and smart - obamacare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible 
 if justice roberts had done the right thing and voted against obamacare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! total turmoil 
 drew brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy 
 if we could force russia china and other competitors to use obamacare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success 
 remember that i predicted a long time ago that president obama will attack iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled 
 i will be on fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº 
 i just got back from russia-learned lots &amp; lots. moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! u.s. must be very smart and very strategic 
 i was just given a great tour of moscow - fantastic hard working people. city is really energized! the world will be watching tonight 
 i'm in moscow for miss universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard they are all winners. total sellout of arena. big night in russia 
 leadership: whatever happens you're responsible. if it doesn't happen you're responsible 
 being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. be totally focused 
 success tip: be ready for problems and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification 
 the obamacare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured http://t.co/hq7o7j7rru what is the point of this trillion $ monstrosity 
 don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either. deal with them! – think like a champion 
 read the bible. work hard and honestly. and don't complain. – rev. @billygraham 
 upstate new york needs jobs. frack now &amp; frack fast! pay off ny state debt 
 we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi.  four americans were killed. congress must act 
 at least 3.5m fellow americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of obamacare. defund then repeal 
 congratulations to the $1b obamacare website on enrolling four in delaware. cost to us - $4m   http://t.co/ce4lvhrpjq 
 looking forward to attending the great rev. @billygraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him 
 had dinner this week at @megunyc (at trump world tower) opposite the united nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777 
 it’s that time of the year. @trumprink in central park is now open--best rink in the world. http://t.co/lxbxg52zki a landmark 
 my speech at @amspec bartlet gala dinner where i received @boonepickens entrepreneur award http://t.co/iwzihg38wv 
 "thebillmcgee            @realdonaldtrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! glad i made the purchase!" thank you 
 i will be going to asheville north carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the great billy graham - such a wonderful man 
 if democrats do not start opposing obamacare and fast republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions 
 a level will be reached where obamacare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship 
 prediction: the disaster known as obamacare will only get worse and republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years 
 put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people 
 she is so sad and pathetic that i almost feel sorry for sec.sebelius. she has done great harm to many people and must be fired. incompetent 
 just sit back and watch obamacare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. the website is the best part of this mess 
 when obama tried to tweak his previous statement on obamacare he made it an even greater lie-even the senate democrats are angry with him 
 brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called "george washington's secret six" that is truly worth reading.   http://t.co/rzdnyaaze4 
 use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur 
 job tip: if you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person 
 success tip: see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious 
 with terrific steve wynn at dinner last night. http://t.co/tahju7mahu 
 if you put the federal government in charge of the sahara desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand. – milton friedman 
 @rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my image 
 @rrpsllc  thank you 
 @andy241097 thank you 
 @dnewman83 thank you 
 "thilan_golfswag               @realdonaldtrump played doral for the first time. absolutely great course! fantastic job!" thanks 
 @prdnjoy67 no #darnell does 
 recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. everyone is counting on you. – midas touch 
 our nobel prize for peace president said "i'm really good at killing people" according to just out book double down. can oslo retract prize 
 the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in u.s. would benefit 
 can you believe that the builder of the failed obamacare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - clueless 
 not only does obama spy on german leaders he criticizes their trade surplus http://t.co/jx2zzaewuw we should have a trade surplus 
 the @erictrumpfdn event featured a performance by #celebapprentice @johnrich- a great event for a great cause! watch- http://t.co/fhgkermc8f 
 revisionist history. now obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. crazy 
 hitting at home. democrat sen. joe donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped http://t.co/wxrr4zads0 
 sen. @davidvitter  &amp; @david_bossie w/@seanhannity http://t.co/tunjdziglq  demand 'congress live by your laws'  http://t.co/37qiblkowe 
 @officialmelb &amp; @thomasaroberts are hosting trump @missuniverse 2013 pageant http://t.co/pescg8lgpx in moscow. they will be terrific 
 #trumpvine on obamacare website- https://t.co/qk5hnm9prx 
 i hope everybody reads the @amspec article shakedown schneiderman – the ag of new york @agschneiderman http://t.co/kpnnobymnx 
 the @amspec article "shakedown schneiderman" about ny state lightweight @agschneiderman is amazing.  http://t.co/kpnnobymnx 
 i would gain a whole new respect for president obama if he would say "look we made a big mistake sorry!" no more lies or deception 
 lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with obamacare 
 wow just watching the news.obamacare and the website are totally out of control. costs are through the roof. this could be ruinous to u.s. 
 @gop house has the right bill: if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. the senate must take it up on a vote 
 the obamacare website will cost over $1.5b when all is said and done. crazy 
 hope &amp; change. millions are losing their healthcare plans &amp; obamacare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away http://t.co/becpf6zztv 
 @zak_boxer never give up 
 beauty arrives to moscow’s crocus city hall this 11.9.!  on @nbc the world will watch @missuniverse 2013 crowned  http://t.co/xqrdpzpjyq 
 @jshue20 great 
 everyone is telling me that @eliotspitzer is going to run against lightweight @agschneiderman--spitzer would win 
 @sundayhorse  thanks 
 @brightonpatriot @mulder1981 @alexsalmond true--he is killing scotland 
 will be on fox &amp; friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning 
 millions losing healthcare plans despite president obama's promise that this would not happen! what about a massive protest march on d.c 
 via @ibtimes: "miss universe 2013: contestants stun in gorgeous gowns at national gift auction gala" http://t.co/hu07kwdbjf 
 winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – think like a champion 
 located in tribeca each @trumpsoho hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower manhattan http://t.co/tkkliu7bxu 
 do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - andrew carnegie 
 @wsaleen  thanks 
 @sonnygirard  true 
 the bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy. i'm going to send him $10 000-he deserves it 
 successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don't quit. – conrad hilton 
 @casamadison thanks 
 @duncanrj1969 thanks 
 so we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists 
 it’s thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past 
 if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. = i was born in hawaii 
 not only did the $1b obamacare website not work it can’t even protect your personal information http://t.co/h6ge0n5tzw a disaster 
 congratulations to boston on the @redsox world series victory. earned and deserved 
 still looking to give away a record $1m reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign http://t.co/bdqhjwd7ko 
 @trumppanama is panama city’s premiere hotel. 70 stories over punta pacifica excellence has arrived to so. america  http://t.co/jxpkc2clgc 
 gary sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @garysinisefound 
 the obamacare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions 
 learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction. – think like a champion 
 the best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates. – midas touch 
 both of our new york hotels are on the top ten list of the most luxurious hotels in nyc...http://t.co/n7xx10ueei congrats to all 
 isn't the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes 
 looks like a very good world series game 
 how come snowden and obamacare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on president obama 
 obamacare is a disaster and snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal obama's recordsi might become a major fan 
 you're never a loser until you quit trying. - mike ditka 
 china just called. they want to lend obama another $1b for the obamacare web site 
 via @wsj: the obamacare awakening: americans are losing their coverage by political design. http://t.co/y3y2pbouzs 
 if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about… 
 four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth 
 congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book rush revere and the brave pilgrims. #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. must read 
 via @wpoffshore: donald trump's blackdog victory http://t.co/diulqbvp5u 
 it is now a fact that president obama lied in order to get obamacare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-interesting 
 a great victory in scotland ... http://t.co/gbbbujyrsg  http://t.co/kppy34eafa 
 i hear @billmaher really bombed in springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy 
 won’t be a buyer’s market for long. if you can purchase a home but remember i told you this three years ago 
 congrats @nbcinvestigates on revealing that obama knew millions of americans would lose their healthcare plans http://t.co/harfaobb66 
 fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. they just don't get caught--stupid 
 1.5m have already lost their health care plans thanks to obamacare http://t.co/3e8yw46znl  defund now and repeal later 
 @alexsalmond  of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office 
 @alexsalmond –the man who let terrorist (pan am flight 103) al-megrahi  go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in blackdog 
 @alexsalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of blackdog. communities all over scotland are fighting this loser 
 when will @alexsalmond realize that he's destroying scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines 
 great victory for people of blackdog scotland. they defeated substation stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.@alexsalmond 
 on 1300 acres in charlottesville @trumpwinery’s wine has been awarded the coveted virginia double gold medal http://t.co/ffceyi1fuv 
 maybe if obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster 
 i just don't know why some of these nfl teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give tim tebow a chance - what do they have to lose 
 there are so many blatant lies coming out of the administration - healthcare spying nsa irs brutally killed americans -will it ever end 
 does anybody really think that president obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible 
 like your current health care plan? too bad you’re going to lose it under obamacare. hope change &amp; a  300% increase in your premium 
 iraq is being ravaged by al qaeda. country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to iran &amp; china http://t.co/z5fekpjfur terrible mistake 
 contractors can blame obama admin all day for their $600m failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back 
 sebelius didn't test $635m (probably $1b) obamacare website until a couple of days leading up to the launch. http://t.co/0cglkxjxym 
 i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes 
 via @inventorspot by myra per-lee: got a great idea? get donald trump to fund it  http://t.co/yhelzmcxbi 
 time for sebelius to be fired. she has admitted that the administration did not vet the obamacare website http://t.co/rqz1rrvz5h 
 thanks to obamacare’s device tax boston scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs http://t.co/auxxikuq26 obamacare will kill ingenuity 
 the signature restaurant of @trumpnewyork @jeangeorges is both  forbes five-star &amp; aaa five-diamond restaurant http://t.co/iwqgbifk5d 
 yesterday was matt drudge's birthday --happy birthday @drudge--and great job 
 @johan_jwc because he paid me far more than it was worth 
 @bradkovach sadly true 
 will be on fox &amp; friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more 
 the new line of trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. go check them out 
 president obama should bring secretaty sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion you're fired 
 @10ajmccarron  great game against tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos 
 good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories 
 i must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-i wish i had more time to watch 
 @managersdiary   thank you-always a good thought 
 "i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is." ~donald trump" 
 isn't it amazing that the u.s. and nsa can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get o's records 
 at this point the legacy of the obama administration will be sadly that of the gang that couldn't shoot straight - what a pathetic mess 
 with the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of world leaders and so much more u.s. is looking really stupid 
 can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by nsa.obama mess 
 @pbrooks65. great taste enjoy 
 first titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.next the hindenburg explodes on its first flight to america.now we suffer the obamacare rollout 
 when a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team 
 the audacity of ineptitude – obamacare website will cost over $1b  http://t.co/w71bc1ryzy  when will someone finally be held accountable 
 you want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level. - @boonepickens 
 great meeting @garysinise at @amspec dinner. besides his great acting gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation 
 @boonepickens  thank you for the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man 
 jeffrey lord @amspec—thank you for the presentation—terrific job 
 bob tyrrell @amspec—thank you--and also for the great work you do 
 great evening with the @amspec &amp; the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award. amazing crowd—thank you 
 good advice from my mother mary macleod trump: trust in god and be true to  yourself 
 good advice from my father fred c. trump:"know everything you can about what you're doing." 
 you've got something unique to offer. find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist 
 "courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." - john wayne 
 @originalarts1 @trumptowerny thanks 
 discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. questions are thoughts with a quest. – think like a champion 
 it was just determined that the woman who passed out at obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be 
 @rydev22  great 
 @strommer07 yes and thanks 
 @danamira   apology accepted 
 if the saudis are so concerned about syria then they should go in themselves. stop telling us to do their dirty work 
 i’ll soon be leaving for washington where @amspec will give me the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award. very exciting 
 where’s the accountability for the $635m website fiasco in the obama administration? heads should roll and officials should be fired 
 on fifth avenue the iconic @trumptowerny is one of nyc's most heavily visited tourist attractions http://t.co/gkof5gedcv 
 why doesn't president obama call upon the nsa to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them 
 honestly whether you're for or against obamacare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the u.s. it makes us look totally inept 
 breaking news - the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name 
 if you want to succeed keep your edge. staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends 
 the most luxurious hotel in downtown manhattan @trumpsoho is a top destination http://t.co/tkkliu7bxu 
 have time to waste? go to the obamacare website 
 america is too great for small dreams. — pres. ronald reagan 
 looking forward to receiving the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award at tomorrow’s @amspec robert l. bartley gala dinner 
 via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump: america’s entrepreneur http://t.co/lgcnnmmtsa  wow--thank you to jeffrey lord &amp; @amspec 
 @sgteel  great thanks 
 sure the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent. - @danmarino 
 message to edward snowden you’re banned from @missuniverse. unless you want me to take you back home to face justice 
 on november 9th @missuniverse comes to moscow! hosted by the wonderful duo of @officialmelb &amp; @thomasaroberts in crocus city hall 
 doing an interview with @stevedeaceshow. discussing the obamacare  web disaster. be sure to listen http://t.co/3mirqrqg2d 
 winner of the 5 star diamond award @trumpgolfla brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to la's top public golf course http://t.co/myiwkyfivu 
 where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record http://t.co/fogcqyoizy 
 help fund @dratzenberger’s new show ‘american made’ on @fundanything http://t.co/4baw1eckzd john is on @teamcavuto today re project 
 via @arabianbusiness: trump eyes pga tour for dubai golf course http://t.co/qdxafoo1jl 
 @bgholms  thanks 
 @rajvirboparai  thanks good luck 
 @macfaddenryan @songmemories hi ryan 
 @vanityfair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @nymag look good. graydon carter should’ve been fired a long time ago 
 @willdavenport1 great thanks 
 sixteen @trumpchicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it 
 trump int’l hotel &amp; tower chicago is one of very few hotels in no. america w/ a 5 star 5 diamond hotel &amp; a 5 star 5 diamond restaurant 
 @ukn96 they get fired 
 @beliefheals  thank you good luck 
 doing fox and friends in two minutes 
 i would bet that we have many great american technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic obamacare website for zero dollars 
 why doesn't president obama just get the people from google to fix the failed   website. in fact why didn't he use them in the first place 
 @richardjnandlal  very nice best wishes 
 @arcturusrex4. good question 
 @nymag   i hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased new york "ragazine"-save your money 
 the rollout of obamacare is a total disaster and an embarrassment to our country. the world is watching and laughing.$635000000 website 
 @nymag   in every interview new york magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "what do you think of donald trump?" beggars 
 @nymag  can you imagine a top editor at new york magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible he would be fired! totally biased 
 @nymag   wow numbers are really looking bad at  new york magazine. while very boring it is also very biased. too bad was once great 
 just like its website obamacare is a disaster.maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own 
 secy. sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous obamacare rollout should resign or be fired.refuses to go before congress to explain 
 @thomasaroberts   thomas you will be a fantastic host of the miss universe pageant live from moscow on nov 9. great doing your show today 
 i hope everyone that read @danamira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @nymag in protest. let me know 
 no wonder @nymag is doing so poorly with an idiot sr. editor like @danamira it will only get worse 
 @danamira @nymag a terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. you should be ashamed 
 canadians kicked out the firm that the u.s. paid all that money to for the failed website. how stupid are our "leaders"? this is a scandal 
 wow china's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  if the u.s. had half that number we would be the talk of the world - need leadership 
 no surprise saudis turned down spot on un security council. they don’t want  responsibility. just have us do their heavy lifting 
 i love watching the dishonest writers @nymag suffer the magazine’s failure 
 @nymag’s sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly http://t.co/jxjbmij1wx should end pain &amp; just fold 
 our country is being run by total amateurs. let’s just call it amateur hour 
 can you imagine a canadian company developing our website? terrible way to put americans back to work 
 honored to be attending rev. @billygraham’s 95th birthday. his life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide 
 this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever 
 the 2013 miss universe® pageantwill take place in russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest 
 @nbrenewables @trumpscotland thank you 
 @wayneetnyre @trumplasvegas thank you 
 @southpaw816 @wsjsports @mikebloomberg @jacknicklaus so nice thank you 
 @itscharlotteann thanks 
 obamacare website fiasco was a single bid to a canadian company - terrible 
 i build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost nothing. our government spent almost $535 000 000 for nothing 
 the contract to build the obamacare website was given to a canadian company for $55 744 081. it then bloated to $292 071067 incompetence 
 by the way new york state must lower taxes (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now) 
 thanks for all of the great support but i just don't see myself wanting to run for governor of new york - i have something else in mind 
 i'm on the david letterman @lateshow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 pm on cbs 
 gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn 
 a winning attitude will put everything in perspective. keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture 
 apple must make the iphone screen bigger. losing major market share 
 obama administration is killing american industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. terrible for economy 
 via @golfmagic: "golden bear and american business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece"  http://t.co/tbvf619r1g 
 entrepreneurship is engine of american success. i bring it to crowdfunding w/ @fundanything's $1m record reward http://t.co/tckbjcdjb4 
 @bmp_music_event  read 'midas touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. good luck 
 @bmp_music_event  read 'midas touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. good luck 
 remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will. take credit for your successes and don't let others forget 
 i'm glad that mark cuban won the ridiculous case with the    s.e.c.  it never should have been brought in the first place 
 what a great day it was yesterday showing the public trump links at ferry point. i took over a disaster and made it great! good job to all 
 @wsjsports @mikebloomberg @jacknicklaus  true and thanks 
 @bahia6085 so nice thank you 
 @djcastiello thanks 
 @globalgolfpost thank you 
 @missharleyd49 thank you 
 @trumplasvegas was just rated best room service in lv by the daily meal. congrats to my las vegas staff! http://t.co/ls8xg8lgm8 
 just left trump golf links at ferry point.  ribbon cutting w/@mayorbloomberg &amp; @jacknicklaus was spectacular. lots of people &amp; jobs 
 trump golf links at ferry point will host many major championships over the years. great thing for nyc—congratulations to all 
 trump links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to n.y.c. 
 will be cutting ribbon at           10 a.m. with mayor bloomberg and jack nicklaus for the opening of trump links at ferry point 
 "welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence." – pres. ronald reagan 
 republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. many senior senators are doing obama’s bidding. can’t win this way 
 al qaeda terrorist al libi was immediately read his rights &amp; is now being treated for ‘pre-existing’ medical (cont) http://t.co/3uk72qo4yx 
 @karenash1560 @b_cat41 happy birthday 
 experience knowledge &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. do not underestimate any of them.  think like a champion 
 thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of ivanka's little boy - so nice 
 my beautiful daughter ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. jared and ivanka are very proud 
 @roc_cayard   so nice thank you 
 @billnojay   thank you for your great confidence! our state like our country is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight 
 "gopers eye donald trump for governor run" http://t.co/fcvdlyvxpr via @nypost by @fud31 
 @prince_keign perhaps--no decision yet 
 @sunsentinel: new look for blue monster:@trumpdoral's signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier http://t.co/5gtwye68hn 
 @yankeefan3000 thanks--@macys.com 
 @complexgenius  thanks 
 @iancurbishley thank you 
 @alyssamenasci my honor 
 @skiingelvis it will be the country's finest resort 
 @905k9 thanks 
 as an addition apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! they're losing their standing in the market 
 @alyssamenasci you have to have passion for your work. that's crucial. then focus on it and don't give up 
 @905k9 keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 ranked a top course @golfmagazine &amp; 6 star diamond award trump int’l palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes http://t.co/yklozgmuex 
 @annettenavaret  great 
 @christineinsatx  thank you christine 
 @tiffanyatrump   happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. we are all proud of you 
 @adityataday   thank you 
 somebody got rich building the obamacare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone 
 i know a great deal about websites etc. but i am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the obamacare site-&amp; disaster 
 @ivankatrump @trumpchicago  great news 
 @kfonkwa @piersmorganlive  thank you 
 @wrhitchcock thank you and true 
 @keithr69 @giants true 
 @carolecjf  thank you 
 @redneckcowboy_1 @piersmorgan thanks 
 many countries including allies already see china as world superpower http://t.co/vim7i2qdah we have greatest military yet no respect 
 how do you spend over $635m on websites and they don't work 
 congrats to jim lipton and inside the actors studio for winning the emmy award for the 250th episode. i was honored to appear in it 
 weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5% a 6 month high http://t.co/4tciuu97k2 obamacare the greatest job killer in us history 
 @neanderthalman1 @barackobama quickly 
 @jacobmathews @piersmorganlive piers is a good man even if we disagree with him 
 personally i think douglas durst’s brother got screwed by douglas—no wonder he’s angry 
 why is douglas durst allowed to use the world trade center to get out of a lease with conde nast 
 i wouldn’t use @richard_meier to design a doghouse let alone a house or building 
 @richard_meier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others 
 lightweight @agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at 
 problems setbacks mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. we shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen. – think like a champion 
 if it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work &amp; fight to get beyond them." 
 jack welch thinks sam palmisano retired ceo of ibm should be the next ceo of microsoft. interesting 
 @jmackd10   thank you 
 @suereformer   tell john he is a total winner 
 @diggower @piersmorgan @dailymirror @guardian 4th now! david should have seen his interview with @realdonaldtrump truly amazing." 
 @trainspartanfit   your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing 
 @piersmorgan i urge every politician in washington to tune into cnn and listen to @realdonaldtrump 's advice on how to do a deal." 
 @piersmorgan   watch cnn tonight as piers and i discuss obama shutdown leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 pm - 10 minutes 
 i will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9pm. http://t.co/1lrwkrarsy 
 i’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on cnn at 9 pm.  will be very  interesting. (i hope!) 
 if you don’t treat yourself like royalty no one else will. @trumpwaikiki is honolulu's most luxurious hotel http://t.co/vggmsi0yji 
 obama has called @gop terrorists during this showdown. it’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @gop demands 
 obama is the most profligate deficit &amp; debt spender in our nation’s history. doubled debt (cont) http://t.co/o4hkax2ium 
 "the fact that we are here today to debate raising america’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - sen. obama 3/16/06 
 obama’s job approval is at 37% a record low. @gop &amp; @speakerboehner have the leverage &amp; momentum. delay obamacare for all americans 
 obama can open the mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade wwii memorial. that’s an absolute disgrace 
 golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) http://t.co/x3pb0vmic2 
 @amberlay2013 thank you 
 @shadowbat thank you 
 @armani_g_ @therealkiyosaki great 
 my advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: get yours going! – think like a champion 
 re florida power &amp; light—most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of florida 
 i pay millions of $’s a year to florida power &amp; light &amp; they can’t give us what we want. maybe a major class action suit against them 
 you miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - wayne gretzky 
 entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets 
 at 96 stories above michigan avenue if you’re not staying at the 5 star @trumpchicago then you’re in its shadow http://t.co/anamgudure 
 via @trdmiami: @trumpdoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms http://t.co/jh4gkbji2z $250m renovation on 800 acres in sunny miami 
 don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. it’s a mindset that works. – think like a champion 
 if the u.s. government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel i will.the u.s. under obama's leadership 
 it is outrageous and disgusting that families of u.s. military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. sad 
 @genallkasmikha  i notice thanks genall 
 with president obama it's all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late 
 i'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our president. it's time to stop talking-work 
 florida power &amp; light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside doral in miami. they should put in new ones or will be sued 
 in my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is florida power and light 
 the white house has just admitted al qaeda was involved in benghazi http://t.co/ndvifolm96 what about the video tape 
 did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? so much for hope &amp; change 
 the new reality china and japan are warning us not to default http://t.co/lrvakb6zig  reckless government spending has made us weak 
 had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7pm show. congrats to greta  on the new spot 
 @gop has leverage. must stay united &amp; on message 
 if you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless. keep your focus 
 expect the best from people. they will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence 
 @kimfeather177  thanks 
 @jon_dennis82 @redskins  true 
 @myangel82 @bobbymayojr thanks 
 @jeffanie thank you 
 president obama wants to change the name of the "white house" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct 
 president should not be telling the washington redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! focus on themnot nonsense 
 my sense is that people are far angrier at the president than they are at congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn 
 do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. it is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion" think like a champion 
 with the debt limit approaching @gop has even more leverage. if they stay united and on message they can win 
 we build too many walls and not enough bridges. - isaac newton 
 83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. room for cuts 
 obama is tougher on wwii vets wanting to visit a dc memorial than iran. he needs to show respect to our vets and not play games 
 government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned @redskins to change its name.he needs to focus on his job 
 standing strong for his people @govwalker is ignoring the feds and keeping all wisconsin parks open. great 
 an iconic building and top tourist attraction @trumptowerny sets new york city’s luxury standard http://t.co/jrjbe4arat &amp; great food 
 the obama administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! our country is a laughingstock 
 @kdawnpatterson  while i never ran i thank you. let's see what happens in the future 
 compete with yourself to be the best you can be. – think like a champion 
 the minute that you’re not learning i believe you’re dead. – jack nicholson 
 trumps are giving @trumpdoral a makeover http://t.co/ikubs8qk1s via @cbsmiami 
 while the pres. of iran tweets sweet nothings to obama he forbids the iranians to use twitter. very revealing 
 when will lightweight hack attorney general be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?http://t.co/4ro77pskna 
 must read editorial today about lightweight new york state attorney general eric schneiderman. is he a crook? http://t.co/4ro77pskna 
 congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @nbcblacklist. fantastic suspense. great acting. must see tv 
 obama has unilaterally &amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 obamacare exemptions for his friends. all @gop wants is (cont) http://t.co/p8iwi74hf6 
 total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; congress w/their exemptions 
 my @oratv #politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown obamacare putin 2016 and @trumpdoral http://t.co/atxvlc3rqm 
 @jackmartin32  thanks 
 @pierpaolomonni so true 
 just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great 
 congrats to people of scotland on the judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills 
 life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier. – think like a billionaire 
 going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision. – think big 
 @themikeawesome thanks 
 great ruling on wind farm in scotland—very smart judge! front page article. http://t.co/e2jkgv7dp4 
 most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build. –  midas touch 
 great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - pat riley 
 obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the obamacare rollout. and of course they failed miserably 
 @thetinabeast’s continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs http://t.co/w6d60oiecc she's a perpetual job loser 
 obama and the democrats have no respect for wwii vets trying to get into the memorial 
 many red-state democrats sticking with obama on deficit spending on the obamacare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014 
 oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. a new record. and now with obama’s war on coal american families will be hit even harder 
 ‘moderate’ repubs plotting against @gop strategy have short term memories. tea party gave them majority in house &amp; primaries aren't fun 
 angela merkel is doing a fantastic job as the chancellor of germany. youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus 
 on the shores of the lake norman @trump_charlotte features a world-class course designed by @sharkgregnorman http://t.co/7slx4k35z1 
 my friend larry king @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—&amp; i agreed. watch tonight 9 pm on rtv 
 know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. that’s taking control. – think like a champion 
 the most elite private club in the world mar-a-lago is palm beach’s legendary landmark. http://t.co/shszxx9m9j 
 @greek_boy_21 thanks what a mess 
 @billaget1 i agree 
 @timwristen they must go to a larger screen 
 @seanparts spring of '15 
 @mcleangolf tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course 
 @andypoo19   thank you 
 study: insurance costs to soar under obamacare http://t.co/kakyqo8xbb men in nc get 305% hike. women in ne suffer an average 237% hike 
 stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. markets like being left alone for a day 
 a-rod’s appeal will go nowhere. he will get a long suspension. good for the @yankees. and sends strong message to @mlb players 
 young entrepreneurs across the us are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. stay positive think big &amp; big things will happen 
 democrats refused to vote down their obamacare subsidy. while americans will be hit w/ rising premiums washington won’t feel any pain 
 the obamacare disaster is in full swing. websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo 
 "when it comes to iran's nuclear weapons program here's my advice: distrust dismantle and verify." - @israelipm @netanyahu 
 @israelipm @netanyahu’s un address was a strong statement to the world that @israel will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons 
 congrats @gretchencarlson's new fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings http://t.co/ihmmxhig9r guess who her first guest was? donald trump 
 sorry banks when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banks—but years too late 
 #3. cover your bases. know everything you can about what you're doing 
 #2. be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort 
 #1. be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it 
 new york state's lightweight a.g. is driving business &amp; jobs out of n.y. look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office 
 wow three top microsoft investors want bill gates out as chairman. do not like job he is doing 
 can you imagine with all of the talk about obamacare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. our government is badly broken 
 face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack_welch 
 your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire 
 it is crucial for republicans to remain united during this shutdown 
 there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under reagan and bush with democrat congresses who wanted more spending 
 remember when obama promised you can keep your health care plan? not in these 10 states. http://t.co/4vxsevpdon another lie 
 @theekentbailey  thanks 
 nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie directors cut--&gt; http://t.co/nzh2ycczgv @fundanything 
 it was an honor to be @gretchencarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘the real story.’ gretchen will be a big success 
 @jamesreid88  thanks 
 obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. democrats don’t even vote them in congress. he has failed to lead 
 obama &amp; the democrats want this shutdown. they think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. don’t believe 
 rated toronto’s #1 hotel the 65-story 5 star @trumpto is located in the heart of the city’s finest attractions http://t.co/lu6cdh7vtd 
 must read editorial via @ibdeditorials: "obamacare's bitter irony: it may increase number of uninsured" http://t.co/rbqh3kwfzz 
 achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad 
 remember that in 2006 then senator obama voted not to increase the debt ceiling. now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same 
 integrity is the essence of everything successful. – richard buckminster fuller 
 since stop &amp; frisk was struck down gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. http://t.co/aiue2dsanf 
 @deedeegop @gretchencarlson @foxnews dee dee-- great seeing you @foxnews. you are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop 
 @kingsthings @trumpnewyork thanks larry--and you too are truly one of a kind 
 @growingupbryce happy birthday 
 trump int'l hotel &amp; tower vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view http://t.co/82lbwxpked a landmark 
 business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success 
 the commodity market is extremely fragile. be wary of investing right now. the futures are way too dependent on the fed 
 no one wants the government to shut down but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway 
 @brennenchase   thanks 
 @mikemarchlik  thank you 
 @danyellaangel  thank you danyella-if you would like to work there call jackie in my office (ny) 
 @eamyoncanoe  cute boy nice 
 @karliejanowski   thanks karlie 
 with proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less 
 obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and most importantly doesn't work. we can do much better 
 our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times like no other. the world is a crazy place 
 iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. syria and now this! what's next 
 re negotiation: know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from 
 obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - henry ford 
 don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory 
 spanish version of obamacare website  delayed http://t.co/s6xvqlpdjh hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #makedclisten 
 on monday obamacare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums higher taxes and part-time replacement employees 
 our country needs leadership now. there is total dysfunction in washington 
 five star @trumpcondoslv are the most luxurious &amp; elite residences in the vegas market http://t.co/xqz3luzhd4 if you love it own it 
 you have to believe in what you want. keep your focus keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent 
 for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @macys.com 
 @cripplecreek101  thanks and true 
 i am so happy that i was able to do something really good for the bronx - and lots of jobs 
 yes this is a large scale version of when i built and saved the ice skating rink in central park (which all should go to). great course 
 @stretch33701  good point yes 
 credit the bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be big for ny 
 to be called trump links at ferry point course will be great and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to nyc 
 once the bloomberg administration selected trump to take over the very expensive and years late project i kicked "ass" and got it done fast 
 the big golf course project on the water by the whitestone bridge in nyc that has been under construction for many years now complete-great 
 a very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent – think like a champion 
 "freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- ronald reagan #makedclisten #defundobamacare 
 7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. defund! #makedclisten 
 both obama administration and house leadership staffs are exempt from obamacare. why not the american people? #makedclisten 
 winner of the 5 star diamond award @trumpgolfdc’s two courses grace over 600 acres on the potomac river http://t.co/s8ivxhd3vp 
 ‘uniforms 4 everyone’ campaign @fundanything has a $3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms http://t.co/1htrlvdhpq 
 happy belated birthday wishes to @barbarajwalters. barbara is terrific 
 via @marketwatch: @trumpsoho new york unveils $50 million presidential penthouse http://t.co/2nukg8jnls 
 partner with people who share your values attitude and drive. – midas touch with @therealkiyosaki 
 the world is changing very fast. big will not beat small anymore. it will be the fast beating the slow. - @rupertmurdoch 
 @coletonemr happy birthday 
 build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning." -think big 
 in real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. be smart 
 obamacare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women http://t.co/ukix7zg2jo defund!! #makedclisten 
 the shale boom is saving our economy http://t.co/dnzxz1ryiu good for jobs national security &amp; trade balance. frack now &amp; frack fast 
 via @furnituretoday by cindy w. hodnett: dorya to introduce trump home high-end furniture http://t.co/hnvd3omloj 
 if obamacare is so amazing then why is obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #makedclisten 
 obama wanted to meet with the iranian president yet the iranians denied the request. so much for hope &amp; change 
 remember what i previously said--obama will someday attack iran in order to show how tough he is 
 can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?—zero respect 
 if justice roberts had made the correct decision on obamacare our country would not be in turmoil right now 
 @neneleakes   nene asks me for advice and i am happy to oblige. tonight at 9.00 on bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!) 
 if winning isn't everything why do they keep score? - vince lombardi 
 take the time to move yourself forward. in other words think work and be lucky. – think like a champion 
 it’s a shame the ruling class of republicans don’t attack obama and the democrats the way they hit senators cruz &amp; lee 
 less than one week away from implementation obamacare’s small business exchanges are not ready!http://t.co/xfta8louaa a disaster 
 obama promised premiums would lower $2500/yr for family of 4. in truth healthcare will increase by $7450 http://t.co/oyndom1xvj 
 obama told the un that the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago. is he delusional 
 congrats to team usa &amp; capt. @allenwronowski for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved 
 @fundanything's veteran military dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran k9s and find them a home http://t.co/fhmufxid4b 
 @neneleakes seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 pm on bravo 
 @99or1youdecide thank you 
 @mileycyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.the right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! guidance 
 i am a defender of @mileycyrus who i think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels) but last night's outfit must go 
 @miranda_diplo              "i like hilary clinton. she is very admirable. but @realdonaldtrump is our nation's answer." thanks 
 huma should dump the sicko weiner.  he is a calamity that is bringing her down with him 
 obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put americans out of work raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts 
 the democrats in congress don’t want obamacare for themselves or big businesses. so why are they forcing it on the american people 
 americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @gop must do the right thing stand strong &amp; defund 
 here’s the truth the gov't doesn’t shutdown http://t.co/ny6rxvyip0 via @ap. all essential services continue.  don't believe lies 
 mariano rivera is greatest closer of all time. a leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. one of the best @yankees in history 
 penn jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film director’s cut http://t.co/nzh2ycczgv @pennjillette @bradwyman 
 congratulations to @ivankatrump on being named @foxnewssunday power player of the week. ivanka is doing a great job w/ dc post office 
 via @successmagazine by @mikeseemuth: trump power http://t.co/cf3cxgnnac 
 the emmys are sooooo boring!  terrible show. i'm going to watch football! i already know the winners. good night 
 is it the neil patrick harris show or the emmy awards?how was he ever put in this position to start with? crazy 
 referees are destroying the enjoyment of nfl games. slowing down the fun. big shots. jets game is ridiculous 
 big things going on today at trump national-westchester 
 @teamreiss8   thanks 
 @melissail   really good thanks m 
 @patsintensity  happy birthday 
 @originalarts1  thank you it is great. you have real talent 
 republicans must unite to defund obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway 
 an important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. i believe that @mileycyrus is a really good person 
 our constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. it is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.-- john adams 
 one man with courage is a majority. - thomas jefferson 
 the donald j. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers the finest style in menswear http://t.co/mahenjax8f 
 welcome to the new reality. 23116928 us households on food stamps http://t.co/f9xbk63w1y obama's hope &amp; change 
 opening in 2016 trump tower punta del este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of playa brava http://t.co/xemmzs0tra 
 if you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15%. labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs 
 @corsoc311 @samshahrooz thanks cathy 
 @lexiperez96 hi lexxay 
 americans by &amp; large hate obamacare. they see obama lied to get it passed. they see big business &amp; gov’t got waivers. defund 
 congratulations to @speakerboehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding obamacare 
 via @cbs19: "trump winery president nominated for award by wine enthusiast magazine" http://t.co/r8giuku95p congrats @erictrump 
 @magmom13  yes she is fantastic 
 move slowly carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet 
 president obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. be cool move slowly - and think! iran 
 president obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with iran that lots of bad results can occur. be cool and be careful 
 @mileycyrus – don’t worry about liam. you can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong 
 as a stockholder in apple they should get on with a larger screen iphone as a supplement—immediately 
 my comments on a larger screen iphone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement. screen should be 10% larger than samsung 
 @geomac24   amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense 
 lightweight schneiderman's suit was filed on a saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after obama meeting 
 lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman meets with president obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president) and quickly files a suit against me 
 @iphoneteam  better get a large screen iphone and fast or risk losing even more business. samsung cannot believe you have not acted! dumb 
 i cannot believe that apple didn't come out with a larger screen iphone. samsung is stealing their business. steve jobs is spinning in grave 
 @phil_grech your not free you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself 
 @dalasner yes 
 @leighannmac   send his info to my office 
 @10ajmccarron   great game last week your team really needed you 
 lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected a.g. in the u.s. he is a total joke 
 why is lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations 
 lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. a total crook 
 @seanhannity  #defund obamacare 
 just returned from trump doral in miami. massive construction job. when completed will be the best resort in u.s. blue monster is amazing 
 "build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. that's building the right way." - think like a champion 
 becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. if you grow personally your business will grow. – midas touch 
 everyone should calm down. @benaffleck is going to do a great job as batman 
 video of my day at the old post office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! http://t.co/r85n4o4hra 
 there are great campaigns on @fundanything http://t.co/cmfrwv0p5t be sure to take a look and donate to one today 
 @akendall13 too early 
 @rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare 
 @seanhannity   thanks sean keep up the good work 
 "the mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- einstein 
 keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough. – think big 
 success is getting what you want. happiness is wanting what you get. - dale carnegie 
 the costa concordia shipwreck is a monument to stupidity but the uprighting of the ship is a monument to genius 
 american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand. foreign countries in particular russia are mocking the u.s 
 the navy yard shooting is a horrible disaster. if we don't clean up our country of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral 
 @arseniohall has great ratings-i told you so. he should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without donald trump 
 i am proud to announce our newest project trump tower mumbai. together with the lodha group it will be incredible! http://t.co/nt3byffndd 
 only 15 days until obamacare is implemented. congress must waive the monstrosity for regular americans. why should they be punished 
 michigan has made great progress under snyder-calley. @migop is out early energizing the grassroots. keep it up! #joinmiteam 
 bashar assad is stronger today than he was before obama threatened military action. obama really bungled this 
 i predict that president obama will at some point attack iran in order to save face 
 great column by david bossie at @breitbartnews: a battle won but the war continues to defund obamacare http://t.co/ac2vyqckgz 
 congrats to @breitbartnews’ @mboyle1 on being awarded  the prestigious 'eagle award for amnesty reporting'  http://t.co/ot06krvmqg 
 congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! great to be in studio today for elisabeth 
 i can’t believe my friend derek jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left trump world tower. lucky bldg.-- move back fast 
 @anishabhasin1   you wedding at trump national was one of the most beautiful i have ever seen - more importantly an amazing couple 
 @floydmayweather  the judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. she is incompetent (or worse) 
 when i say i would end obamacare i would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less 
 @floydmayweather  great fight floyd - you showed them all once again 
 @floydmayweather  my prediction of floyd is looking good 
 new york fashion week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! no stars no fun-just boring. they need serious help. #nyfw 
 @charliemurphy   just remember arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for donald j. trump - he admits that - he will do great 
 i truly hope president obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. he must sit back and chill 
 obama is now warning north korea on the yongbyon nuclear reactor http://t.co/8z0k4ulguy after syria our enemies are laughing 
 prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in new jersey. stay strong and remember it will soon get better 
 @marksimoneny  mark - thanks for remembering 
 @umman91   great going congrats 
 @janmillercohost  thanks jan 
 we should stop talking stay out of syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-usa 
 most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy. i do! he's got to get back to basics.forget syria-fix the usa 
 wow with all this talk @missuniverse is going to russia on november 9th- https://t.co/hqmhmzglnl 
 trust your instincts especially if they are well honed. – midas touch 
 my interview w/ @bloombergtv's peter cook re the old post office bldg becoming trump int'l hotel washington d.c. http://t.co/y392fpam97 
 @yankees manager joe girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. doing a great job 
 no games! house @gop must defund obamacare! if they don’t then they own it 
 now assad is demanding that obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. what a mess 
 china russia and iran are laughing at us. we have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. dangerous times 
 must read piece by @danielpipes: obama's diplomatic acrobatics http://t.co/sylapwiljh 
 named best golf course in the world by @robbreport trump int'l golf links scotland is a 7400 yd par 72 http://t.co/7fyb3deqcd 
 at least @thetinabeast is consistent. she takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter 
 @thetinabeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. sure just like every other magazine that fired her 
 tina brown could finally be over.  @thedailybeast is a total failure. she just got fired great 
 i will be doing #gdny good day n.y. with rosanna &amp;greg live at 8.30 a.m.  i will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the wtc 
 putin's letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the u.s. he is lecturing to our president.never has our country looked to weak 
 @realdonaldtrump: i would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date september 11th 
 @brentludington  never give up--how i turned my biggest challenges into success 
 take calculated risks. that is quite different from being rash. - george s. patton 
 why is oil at a record high? opec &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off 
 many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?"  the answer is -- not much 
 @alan_saranga thanks 
 a year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  never forget 
 donald trump jr. ivanka trump eric trump and myself in front of the old post office d.c. on pennsylvania... http://t.co/wtjza0r6ug 
 an ad hoc interview i filmed with a german journalist at ground zero hours after the attack http://t.co/8fgxzryybd 
 god bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  you will never be forgotten 
 via @ap: donald ivanka trump say dc’s old post office pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels http://t.co/qq0uvlpvxn 
 @ewilli1204  thanks 
 @tammieharrison  great 
 @joshskaggs                      "@realdonaldtrump stayed in your chicago hotel last night. great staff and awesome room!" thanks 
 @accountsrs                        "@realdonaldtrump thank you for saving new york from another spitzer era."  we got lucky 
 obama must now start focusing on our country jobs healthcare and all of our many problems. forget syria and make america great again 
 putin is having such a good time. our president is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. do not fearwe are a nation of potential 
 i said that eliot spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. i fought him when others retreated out of fear. never give up 
 spitzer and weiner lost lightweight eric schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the primary. he has done a really poor job 
 weiner is gone spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. is he a crook? wait and see worse than spitzer or weiner 
 assad hit the jackpot 
 back to work for the president to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. the so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused 
 the only reason obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad 
 lightweight attorney general eric schneiderman will be next to lose. he goes after a school with a 98% approval ratingleaves biggies alone 
 lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman asked us for political contributions during his investigation of usthen sued for $40 million.dopey guy 
 thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spitzer. remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done 
 i fought hard against spitzer and weiner and both lost. for a while when spitzer was way up it seemed that i was a lone voice! good power 
 wow eliot spitzer has lost - great news for new york city 
 bottom line i don't think president changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from putin a very dangerous lifeline at that 
 we will have to see what russia's next move will be. they may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess 
 he is working hard and for that he must be given credit 
 doesn't want to remove assad - worries what comes next 
 making his case in a nice and articulate manner 
 does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive 
 here we go 
 will be covering president obama's speech at 9.00 on twitter-you are all so lucky 
 red line statement was a disaster for president obama 
 this new russian strategy guarantees victory for the syrian government-and makes obama and u.s. look hopelessly bad. president in trouble 
 the russians are playing a very smart game. in the meantime they are buying lots of time for syria and making u.s. look foolish. dangerous 
 @austinodusanya1                  "@realdonaldtrump you are a great mentor. i have all your books"  great--good luck 
 @universifize @ivankatrump @erictrump it will be great &amp; produce many jobs 
 danger-weiner is a free man at 12:01am. he will be back sexting with a vengeance. all women remain on alert 
 in order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. a great commodity is information 
 @carepublican12 @toure so true 
 @housedealsnow @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr  thank you 
 @frankie_rap               "cant wait to hear what @realdonaldtrump has to say about obama's speech tonight!"i'll be tweeting during speech 
 msnbc's touré has epic race-baiting meltdown on cnn http://t.co/wsu63xrkho it's toure's modus operandi. he is so angry 
 @1996goldberg happy birthday 
 @wasimperviz                     "@realdonaldtrump when will u return to @wwe? @vincemcmahon"  soon 
 @missuniverse @missusa @missteenusa @sherrihill olivia=a total winner 
 @bahia6085                "@realdonaldtrump can you imagine obama running his own business? how sad would that be?" you never know 
 @ellevarner           "f.o.c.u.s. - follow one course until successful @realdonaldtrump -midas touch (this is a great read)" thanks 
 assad will never give up his chemical weapons. he has spent years and billions accumulating them. this is all a ruse 
 want to take a quiz with me? download the @millonseconds app and watch @ryanseacrest on monday at 8/7c on @nbc 
 obama and kerry are bungling syria by the hour. they have set america’s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. amateurs 
 for all of my millions of followers and at your request i will be tweeting tonight during president obama’s speech!  9pm et 
 we deserve all the answers on benghazi! http://t.co/rapzha2e4c @repwolfpress 
 soon to be the greatest hotel in u.s. don_trump_jr  @ivankatrump @erictrump  #oldpostoffice http://t.co/fm4ldiqsqz 
 press conference at the old post office in d.c. http://t.co/jfbld52nmv 
 just landed in d.c. http://t.co/yjp3s0qokv 
 heading down to d.c. http://t.co/ijq41fl7g0 
 #trumpvine from d.c.- https://t.co/4t5qopl93f 
 this george zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (he attacked his wife last night) 
 @arseniohall   arsenio may your run be long successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! good luck 
 i'll be going to the old post office building on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. today. will create one of world's great hotels. lots of jobs 
 do you believe what is going on in washington with respect to syria - these people don't have a clue 
 @longhornhomer  he is not smart enough to understand 
 @toure  why does a network allow a stupid racist like toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! can there be only one reason 
 icahn kravis zell buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. many of the top business people do 
 @toure  dumb as a rock toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.really bad ratingsreally stupid guy 
 @toure if you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know i never filed for bankruptcynow worth over $10 billion dummy 
 it is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -theodore roosevelt 
 so much for ‘global warming.’ earth is cooling at a record pace http://t.co/kig0flowrk 
 our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now 
 iraq has granted iran full air rights to fly over and arm syria. what did america accomplish with the iraq war? and now syria? 
 this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead.  no answers 
 now obama has set red line 2 with demand that assad hands over syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack 
 congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  she is terrific 
 downtown manhattan’s trendiest hotel @trumpsoho -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining &amp; the spa  http://t.co/cnf6k64vnv 
 adopt the arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs http://t.co/b4nhypf0tj 
 @thebig_easy ernie--you are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. see you at trump national jupiter 
 #theview lots of fun on @theviewtv with @jennymccarthy and @sherrieshepherd-http://t.co/isaccfe5i6 
 don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the u.s. focus on making our country strong and great again 
 why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama 
 doing fox &amp; friends at 7 a.m 
 also great comeback by the new york jets. that game was over until a really dumb defensive play by tampa. amazing 
 tony romo just made a great play-giants are getting killed 
 great comeback by tom brady-new england 
 the new york giants are looking really bad so far tonight. does not get much worse than this 
 doing a commercial for @nflonfox- lots of fun! http://t.co/4kd7y5kyoh 
 @fidanizzbig   you need both thanks 
 do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the obama administration anymore - the teflon president 
 @mathewaiken great 
 @dexterpugh   great looking couple-good to have him back 
 my shirts ties and suits are selling great @macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks 
 @midgespeaks  i want him to do a great job but he can't 
 president obama do not attack syria. there is no upside and tremendous downside. save your "powder" for another (and more important) day 
 isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks president obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there 
 speaking of our very stupid war with iraq it is totally disintegrating and iran (with russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil) 
 @lucindamac  thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people 
 i'm a republican but not a fan of the last george bush-he also was a lousy president (iraq etc.). in fact he was so bad he gave us obama 
 former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states 
 syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! a polititian's war 
 just watching nbc news where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous 
 if syria was forced to use obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. obama should sell them that idea 
 when we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others 
 any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk. – the america we deserve 
 do you want to know who you are? don't ask. act! action will delineate and define you. -  thomas jefferson 
 obama is not a leader he's just a campaigner 
 many of the syrian rebels are radical jihadi islamists who are murdering christians. why would we ever fight with them 
 via @miamiherald by hannah sampson: blt prime coming to trump’s doral resort http://t.co/d0cgntlpzy 
 no surprise. woman being cited by kerry &amp; mccain on syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels http://t.co/pavhgj9cif 
 the historic $250m renovations at @trumpdoral are moving on pace. once complete @trumpdoral will be south florida’s premiere resort 
 remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘he who has the gold makes the rules.’ – midas touch 
 i am not angry at russia (or china) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. we need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late 
 i wonder how much our "leaders" have promised or given russia in order for them to behave and not make the u.s. look even worse 
 really bad news just announced concerning jobs. far fewer jobs created in august than anticipated. interest rates therefore to remain low 
 we don't have the leadership including the generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! cool it 
 did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our president explaining what when and where to congress about a syrian attack. far too late 
 the terrorists in syria are calling themselves rebels and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid 
 we should not attack syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the arab leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay 
 if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself. – the art of the deal 
  while a 300ft turbine in ardrossan north ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph http://t.co/0judnan1cu 
 in january '12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... http://t.co/0judnan1cu 
 russia is sending a fleet of ships to the mediterranean. obama’s war in syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict 
 a 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in scotland http://t.co/0judnan1cu any turbine in close proximity to a school must go 
 all former bush administration officials should have zero standing on syria. iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure 
 must read via @iowagop by @shanevanderhart: congress should vote no on syria http://t.co/gvz8ao3si8 
 if president obama was going to attack syria he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp; not after (cont) http://t.co/dvzmcu76uv 
 that would mean that eliot spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics tv &amp; even real (cont) http://t.co/e92whibcbj 
 it will be interesting to see what happens to eliot spitzer if he loses the election for comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer 
 i have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  norma foerderer. she passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman 
 again to our very foolish leader do not attack syria - if you do many very bad things will happen &amp; from that fight the u.s. gets nothing 
 while everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack syria maybe we should knock the hell out of iran and their nuclear capabilities 
 if you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the ny times of the "rebels" executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels 
 tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. make america great again 
 the only reason president obama wants to attack syria is to save face over his very dumb red line statement. do not attack syriafix u.s.a 
 president obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about syria crossing the red line. amazingly now he denies he said that 
 @gene_valin   thank you 
 @dongibson12 very true 
 is anthony weiner a jerk or what 
 jay leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. my answer is always no because his show sucks. they love my ratings 
 @twojacksdetail  send it to me in new york doug!  thanks 
 appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you. – think like a billionaire 
 i hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. stupid guy/bad ratings 
 i’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. he's not a loyal person &amp; i now understand why everybody dumped him. jay sucks 
 to keep momentum keep challenging yourself. – think big 
 with the signature services of trump attaché @trumpwaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of waikiki http://t.co/vggmsi0yji 
 @tylerkrist734  thanks 
 @dhtherex thanks 
 happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters. shana tova. hopefully it will be a great year 
 @gop must stay focused on defunding obamacare and the impending budget battle. don’t let syria rule the agenda 
 @serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. she’s a great player and a wonderful person 
 many syrian ‘rebels’ are radical jihadis. not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. stay out of syria 
 @emilymiller's book "emily gets her gun" exposes the attack on our second amendment http://t.co/9kslh6g12a a must read 
 congratulations to @piersmorgan on winning @britishgq tv personality of the year. piers deserves his success 
 @ladyjelenaxoxo  thanks 
 @golflessondubai soon 
 @shawshank5                  "@realdonaldtrump to be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will"  true 
 for all of those fools that want to attack syria the u.s.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster 
 what i am saying is stay out of syria 
 the great generals macarthur and patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give syria info &amp; time to prepare 
 from the great author of rich dad poor dad-- robert kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. http://t.co/qbkwrudw6z 
 representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. if you can’t sell it who will? – midas touch 
 elections have consequences. obama just published final regulations for obamacare’s individual mandate http://t.co/zmbx554xdt enjoy 
 @perkins_holly  great 
 @bigpoppa181  thanks 
 how can general martin dempsey tell obama that delaying the syria bombardment will have no consequences? he is no patton or macarthur 
 a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from. – think like a champion 
 i am giving away money. check the crowdfunding site @fundanything http://t.co/w0mdqpckx4 raise money for anything 
 china opec and russia laugh at us. but now thanks to obama so does syria. very sad 
 enjoy the ratings of president obama. http://t.co/gx7avfroa6 
 i applaud columbia south carolina for cleaning up biz center http://t.co/xmoczbxhtg will cut crime &amp; advance commerce 
 president obama's "arab spring" is not looking so good right now 
 think of it the arab league doesn't want to get involved with syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. how stupid 
 if the u.s. attacks syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. stay away and fix broken u.s 
 our country is looking very bad right now 
 @arseniohall   after arsenio won celebrity apprentice he told me in tears that i would be his first guest if he got a show. no interest 
 eliot spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller. thrown out of politics and off of tv crazy 
 each time i see one of anthony weiner's television ads for mayor i ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job 
 @tkeller316  thanks 
 in war the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.what the hell is obama doing 
 we have given syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. syria is now fully prepared 
 why isn't the arab league paying for everything and sending troops? they want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves 
 the arab league stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on syria but they want us to attack.are our leaders insane or just stupid 
 it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now 
 @akmackey   so true 
 president obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on syria 
 @brandiharmon   good luck 
 @bbpack  you have real talent 
 @thegrumpyhusky  happy birthday 
 @danshrigley thank you 
 did anyone notice that obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. he couldn't even get britain! no leadership 
 @aveyahdoeswatch   thank you 
 be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into world war iii 
 china is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. they will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us 
 obama now just wants to save face russia is now telling him "don't do it". he waited too long and the other side is much better prepared 
 who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. call it the "plenty of notice war" 
 syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.amazing 
 for the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack 
 the president must get congressional approval before attacking syria-big mistake if he does not 
 how bad has our "leader" made us look on syria. stay out of syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize 
 if obama attacks syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the u.s. will look very bad 
 is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria? our leaders don't know what they are doing 
 the ratings of the cycle on msnbc a sad and pathetic show are way down. if they fired racist moron @toure a truly stupid guy they live 
 @dhfr64 happy birthday deborah 
 "it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer." -- albert einstein 
 dress for success. the donald j. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys.com http://t.co/ryq1aq1apk 
 pervert weiner is dead in his race for mayor of nyc but wow eliot spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. sleaze 
 so a woman in chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble 
 @wcmartzofficial  so true 
 @beliefheals  interesting and thanks 
 @benfromdallas  thanks ben 
 @agnesphagnes  i agree thanks 
 i hope everyone read the brilliant article in american spectator about leightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. he should be run out of office 
 in that @timewarner has @hbo with really dumb racist  bryant gumbel(and i mean dumb) and no cbs (which fired bryant) i am switching bldgs 
 people are really liking the new ties and shirts @macy's-they are amazing and selling great 
 sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - @vincemcmahon 
 via @heraldweekly by lauren odomirok: "trump norman play renovated golf course" http://t.co/hrj7pacvft 
 #trumpvine a message for my hotel guest @mileycyrus- https://t.co/xcdyhwqi3d 
 @danscavino @erictrump @erictrumpfdn @stjude  thanks dan 
 @marlenawells true 
 @jonareeves6127 thanks 
 what a shame that @msnbc’s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. prime time down 50%. @thereval's are (cont) http://t.co/ow07naoprw 
 what will we get for bombing syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? obama needs congressional approval 
 congress must protect our borders first. amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped 
 thx mark--i appreciate your words about the school. you sound like you're doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider http://t.co/eumsv9bojs 
 @icer100                     "@realdonaldtrump @icer100 remember obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" interesting 
 @jungledad  thanks 
 @marlenawells                   "@realdonaldtrump remembering your generosity to so many after #superstormsandy." thank you marlena 
 if christian bale turned down $50m to return as batman he should have his head examined. what was he thinking? 
 the yankees are sure lucky george steinbrenner is not around. a lot of people would be losing their jobs 
 via @amspec by jeffrey lord: "is eric schneiderman a crook?"  what a great writer &amp; researcher--amazing story. http://t.co/jjulgfe0xt 
 wow @cnbc ratings are really low worst in many years. i guess i'll have to start doing my tuesday morning interviews with them again 
 @tanjas_world  tanja--never give up 
 the united states needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first 
 let the arab league take care of syria. why are these rich arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack 
 if we are going to continue to be stupid and go into syria (watch russia) as they say in the movies shoot first and talk later 
 i wonder what the great generals like patton the big m or robert e. lee would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack 
 @walaa_3ssaf   no dopey i would not go into syria but if i did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools 
 that said the rich arab countries should get involved with the syrian mess not us.we should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military 
 why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise 
 i give the president's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! not bad but room for improvement 
 why would anyone think obama would attack syria the day of his speech in washington. he doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory 
 @sonnset2  so true not even close 
 @thulisakanzi have the arab league do it and pay for it 
 @thelanes08 thanks 
 @grindingdude @monkeydogman i will 
 @tjstoudt                     "i really want @realdonaldtrump to speak at liberty university convocation again." great school 
 @latoyajackson  thanks la toya 
 @ritter1025 happy birthday bernice 
 @alphakonstant @richnyjets true 
 @kyleraccio            "@realdonaldtrump trump will win this - as he wins everything else! awesome"  thanks 
 do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. take control and move forward every day 
 "a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. -   gen. douglas macarthur 
 @tracegallagher and @fredtecce discussing my case on @foxnews http://t.co/or6yruzdyl 
 you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be. – think like a billionaire 
 the misery of obama’s economic policies. us households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 http://t.co/rl7umwhqkn 
 remember all these ‘freedom fighters’ in syria want to fly planes into our buildings 
 congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘the liberty amendments’ debuting at #1 on the ny times’ bestseller list. must read 
 congrats to @timtebow on making @patriots’ first cut. stay strong and positive! we are all rooting for you 
 josh8j4                   "@realdonaldtrump i have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #usa" thank you 
 young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. you can do it. think big 
 watch @ foxnews’ @shannonbream @liswiehl &amp; former prosecutor doug burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit http://t.co/63vz8qjbsm 
 via @ wsoc_tv: blair miller talks with donald trump about charlotte ventures http://t.co/ke9xm4p1rp 
 @kingmortimer interesting 
 @ginny14974                 "@realdonaldtrump  the arab league should be taking care of this not us."  100% correct 
 @bingato                     "@realdonaldtrump at least doral will be great again!!!"  that's true 
 @steverickettssp  great 
 @terrytm112444 thanks terry 
 @peterthiele  thanks peter 
 i have a dream that our country will be great again! #dreamday 
 @kimguilfoyle   thanks for your support - i greatly enjoyed your comments on the five the other day. best wishes 
 as i predicted long ago the war in iraq was a disaster for the u.s. heading for civil war there are bombings all over the place.iran happy 
 via @hamptonsmag: "@ivankatrump talks hamptons lifestyle with emmy rossum" http://t.co/hto84opg8q 
 kate is donating a #kidney to her husband http://t.co/xg95n9tfke .  you can help! i did @fundanything #donate 
 @foxnews legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack schneiderman’s suit on @fnthefive yesterday.she’s very sharp 
 see @ivankatrump on the cover of @hudsonmod? view the digital edition: http://t.co/zdxsoxitim 
 there has been a systematic targeting of the tea party by the obama administration. now schneiderman goes after me. no coincidence 
 the lightweight hack schneiderman told ivanka that the case is weak" and more.  meets with obama &amp; then files one day later 
 has ag schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? we will find out 
 @givens1964  very cool thanks 
 @aaronpha_q  thanks 
 @d_murphy13                   "@realdonaldtrump purely a political move if he met w/obamamr.trump please put the heat on this clown show!" 
 i hope the ny tax payer appreciates the millions schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. i will litigate to victory 
 see schneiderman admit he spoke with obama about ongoing investigations." http://t.co/9u6jnxn45f 
 thug politics. lightweight hack schneiderman meets with obama on thursday then brings frivolous suit on saturday 
 @elmarosuelvin  thank you 
 my @foxandfriends int. destroying schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting obama on thurs. http://t.co/n0fx6rexyr 
 via @todayshow: "trump: attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'"  http://t.co/dltp60jtii 
 via @amspec by jeffrey lord: new obama scandal erupts: trump targeted http://t.co/dp7tvy0bel 
 @tuletwilight  interesting 
 @michaelpmulhall @cnbc i don't think he can 
 via @inverurieherald: "trump’s new course plans on display" http://t.co/iroevqoxzt 
 why isn’t ag schneiderman going after democrat jon corzine and the $1.4 billion that is missing 
 amazing! ag schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over wall st 
 i really enjoyed doing the show circuit this am discussing lightweight ag eric schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for ny 
 gov. cuomo's moreland comm should be looking at ag schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$ 
 fox and friends 
 wow l just found out that a.g. schneiderman met with president obama in syracuse on thursday --- and sued me on saturday! same as irs etc 
 what did our very stupid &amp; ineffective a.g. eric schneidean during his trips to my office tell me about president obama &amp; governor cuomo 
 after years of long stops then starts why did dopey eric scheiderman tell people in the trump org. "this case is going awaywe have no case 
 how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag 
 why did lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? also recent asks 
 why is it that eric schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after jon corzine and big abusers for billions 
 why did failing a.g. eric schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a saturday afternoon (unheard of)? no case 
 lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses 
 @nikkio   thank you 
 lightweight nys attorney general eric schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. see website http://t.co/qtflzwgxud 
 @obs3shyn  thanks it was fun and amazing 
 @nickfaldo006   sir nick is not only a great player he is a great guy -and by the way doing a fantastic job for cbs 
 @bbpack  happy birthday 
 for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @macys.com 
 #flashbackfriday trump family- final week of @oprah's show- @oprah is terrific! http://t.co/d9ouc5jn3a 
 @jmull71   great jason 
 @marilynn555 thanks 
 @robertburnand         "@realdonaldtrump @trumptowerny what a great building mr t!"  thanks 
 anyway i’m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making america great again. we’re falling fast 
 john mccain couldn’t get him to release it and neither could hillary clinton—but donald did 
 people should be proud of the fact that i got obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he miraculously found 
 why are people upset w/ me over pres obama’s birth certificate?i got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could 
 to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. know when to give back. – think big 
 with the whacko pervert weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 am 
 @tonycatering @trumptowerny  thanks 
 if stop &amp; frisk is struck down by the pandering nyc politicians increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them 
 @walterozaraga @trumptowerny thanks 
 @korydc @trumptowerny thanks great that you remember really nice 
 @harrycraig96 @trumptowerny  thanks 
 time flies it’s @trumptowerny’s 30th anniversary. to celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- http://t.co/pkizhcdtkn 
 @tanwexy i like you too 
 @brentludington thanks 
 one of obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work 
 via @breitbartnews by @larryoconnor: "trump: ny mag ailes story 'total bulls**t'" http://t.co/yzae0mwizp  it was total bullshit 
 via @eveningexpress: "images of donald trump’s 2nd north-east golf course released: public have say on images"  http://t.co/gy3dsrikkt 
 re miss universe pageant we’ve spoken w/the lgbt community in russia who asked please don’t leave it would send the wrong signal 
 @greek1958 thank you john 
 @gabrielsherman roger ailes never called me about your piece on him gabriel. he is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me 
 leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done. – the art of the deal 
 "donald trump to chris christie: don’t hire @stuartpstevens" http://t.co/uuevm2mnb6 via @politico by @hadas_gold 
 with democrats spitzer danger-weiner &amp; filner which party really has the war on women 
 @txsi  happy birthday 
 it’s wednesday.  how many times will a-rod sue the @yankees today?  a-rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament 
 congress must defund obamacare.  it is destroying medicare and breaking promises to our seniors including veterans 
 @alexsalmond  heatwave in scotland makes wind turbines useless. big problem expensive mess 
 nyc politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. http://t.co/5xzigo62pc 
 "no question' violent crime will rise if program (stop &amp; frisk) is stopped - @ny_police commissioner ray kelly 
 @jwhitlinger_gmp             "@realdonaldtrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards bryant gumbel?" he is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope 
 @theteflondante         "@realdonaldtrump @gretawire i bet her ratings were great! good work mr. trump" they were great--thanks 
 @anniehic @nymag and so have many others 
 glad to see that the egyptian army is releasing mubarek. as we see obama never should have abandoned him. he was an ally 
 mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities http://t.co/xjxfgurzda 
 via @pressjournal by ann-marie parry: "plans revealed for course named after trump’s mother" http://t.co/ftl4mk6kpn 
 had a great time on @gretawire last night.  greta always does great interviews 
 the hatchet job in @nymag about roger ailes is total bullshit. he is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @foxnews 
 @alexsalmond if a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy i have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) http://t.co/bazfi4ktxg 
 you must admit that bryant gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. failed at cbs etc-why still on tv 
 greta in a few minutes-on fox 
 @gretawire .doing greta tonight at 10 on fox-enjoy 
 @reallucasduffy true--thanks 
 @dwatts3  mitt but stuart stevens was terrible 
 i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around i want to be in control of it. -  clint eastwood 
 i will be doing greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news talking about china &amp; mitt's failed campaign team 
 obamacare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more 
 it’s tuesday.  how many terrible predictions and advice will karl 1.6% rove make today 
 nyc is under constant threat from jihadists &amp; violent criminals. stop &amp; frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.stand strong ray kelly 
 our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. in ny welfare pays better than jobs http://t.co/rl0fd2sjjm zero incentive 
 @stuartpstevens did a horrible job for mitt—is a refund in order? sadly stuart is a disaster 
 with @stuartpstevens expected to represent @govchristie in the presidential race chris will have a very hard time winning 
 @mattbevin: as someone well versed in job creation and the private sector if you lie on your resume you’re fired 
 our great project in south america trump tower punta del este in uruguay will have spectacular views and the... http://t.co/eljcpek8hi 
 chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to stop and frisk. they have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved 
 @ukcarioca   thank you 
 @j_tjohnson   thanks 
 @maestrobeadles   interesting 
 @cloverc8 thanks 
 @chuckdhere so true 
 @mr_smoooth great place- thanks 
 @merryman34 thanks 
 @samtrisi thanks 
 tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - john wayne 
 obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective http://t.co/7gwqgsntoi @bizpacreview 
 @ny_police commissioner ray kelly has done a top job keeping nyc safe. stop &amp; frisk has been a critical tool for the nypd 
 be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks http://t.co/w0mdqpckx4 
 #trumpadvice http://t.co/f0sjhe80ol 
 #trumpvine opinion on egypt- https://t.co/o15rit7tgn 
 @pollysdaughter   very cute 
 so lets get this right. steve jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). oh steve 
 re-build the united.states not places that hate our country and everything we stand for 
 let the arab countries take care of egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..it's time for the u.s. to stop being stupid.no dollars 
 @howard2lloyd yes at macy's 
 we must leave "stop and frisk" for a-rod and anthony weiner 
 for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @macys.com 
 develop success from failures. discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. – dale carnegie 
 keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. strive for innovative ideas 
 see problems as a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals 
 @robertundefined  work hard study read 'the art of the deal' and  "midas touch" 
 my motto is: ‘never give up.’ i follow this very strictly. i do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal 
 obama' ststement on egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in u.s. history 
 can’t wait for @dylanbyers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview 
 nielsen ratings: 1.@thisweekabc 2.52 viewers 6 shr1.91rtg .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers 5 shr1.61rtg .47 25-54 
 my interview with @thisweekabc w/@gstephanopoulos destroyed all sunday competition w/ 2.52m total viewers…that’s why they want me on 
 @alexsalmond  see photo https://t.co/rvbwv4lapu 
 myself with mother and father at new york military academy. see i can be very military. high rank!… http://t.co/hednppnemq 
 good communicators control space. – roger ailes ‘you are the message’@foxnews 
 my @newsmax_media int. with @stevemtalk on my iowa @thefamilyleader speech @jonkarl 2016 &amp; benghazi http://t.co/xkshkcbnnv 
 @carlotalorenabr thanks 
 @gop house leadership – establish select committee on benghazi. there is a massive coverup 
 @keithjmcconnell @macmiller  thanks 
 @dannydamico67                "@realdonaldtrump may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal"  thx (i think) 
 @weekendinparis @trumpnewyork  great 
 @shawnatova @lovemyklr so nice thanks 
 @amieburton2010 @tommyguns11 thanks amie 
 fact: without texas and states reaping the fracking boom obama’s job record would go from bad to worse 
 mark levin's @marklevinshow 'the liberty amendments: restoring the american republic" is a truly great &amp; important book 
 @show5783  who knows 
 @kelseyalxandraa  thanks kelsey 
 @drew4diamond  thanks 
 @danscavino @macmiller  thanks dan 
 740 park avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at trump buildings 
 #trumpvine where is the money @macmiller? https://t.co/dna1ypdez2 
 @rynecpl              "@realdonaldtrump just finished #theartofthedeal.  awesome book w/ great insight!" thanks good luck 
 @amp_abirpatel  midas touch by donald j. trump &amp; @therealkiyosaki 
 @shawnatova  very nice thanks 
 @carlcicahn   carl keep lt going i have a lot of apple stock. push them to quickly come out with a larger screen for the i-phone (samsung) 
 @gregmazares  my honor thanks 
 @realdonaldtrump  thanks 
 @timc1021 thanks 
 @garrendj   thanks 
 @justingodfrey   great 
 @peterose_14   once again it is time to let all time hits leader pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. he has paid a big price 
 @alfiraazzahra   great picture say hello 
 things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going 
 congrats @adamcarolla on #roadhard raising $1m on @fundanything a record 
 in miami tracking @trumpdoral’s $250m renovations. will be america's top resort. @pgatour just signed for 10 yr ext. http://t.co/qo6tq9dejp 
 don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -think like a champion 
 @randirobics great good luck 
 when your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition. – midas touch 
 republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff" 
 looks like anthony weiner is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. good news 
 if it doesn't sell it isn't creative. - david ogilvy 
 more on benghazi cover up: attorney for whistleblower: 400 u.s. missiles stolen in benghazi http://t.co/sb3cww4dau  really bad 
 obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of congress from obamacare.  why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the u.s. 
 i will be on greta @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news 
 re @twc timewarner i am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous 
 i missed the pga championship because it was not broadcast by timewarner @twc. why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts 
 @senmikelee refuted every point karl 1.6% rove made on the need to defund obamacare.must listen http://t.co/b7v6wvy5kh @therightscoop 
 the patch a total loser for @aol will be a good deal compared to @huffingtonpost. @ariannahuff laughs at stupid armstrong 
 congrats to @mboyle1 of @breitbartnews  for exposing jason linkins of @huffingtonpost as a lightweight dope who gives false information 
 @royalstr8tflush  wow good competition 
 still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think 
 @trumpchicago is the windy city's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant &amp; spa http://t.co/anamgudure 
 @jtfoxx @huffingtonpost  i agree--@huffingtonpost is going down with @aol and patch &amp; @ariannahuff hates tim armstrong 
 @jwhurter                "@realdonaldtrump are your ties available in south africa?"  you can order them online @macys.com 
 @blazebluntsky thanks 
 @flyinosubuckeye @comfynumb2012 @forq2 so true! just a business tool used by the best! ask carl warren etc 
 @andrew_patrick @dcgovweb @dcgovtwit  deal done--too late dopey 
 @coffeepleaseam         "@realdonaldtrump i'm so happy that you find time to tweet. i really enjoy following you."  thanks amy 
 @aka_wilhelm                 "@realdonaldtrump hay mr. trump! you're my rolemodeland i love your show(celebrity apprentice)"  thanks 
 @rogergreig  thanks 
 good.morning i'm going to work 
 not only is @toure a racist (and boring) he's a really dumb guy 
 @ariannahuff i would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! and please don't call tim armstrong stupid and weak 
 did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid aol deal 
 the failing @huffingtonpost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  be careful 
 @mofarber          "@realdonaldtrump i love all your inspirational quotes! it keeps us going... thanks donald!" great 
 @sonnset2  he knows the best place 
 @partylikerlove1 a long time ago thanks 
 @timm_martin i understand thanks 
 thank you readers' choice: trump int'l hotel las vegas has been nominated by 10 best for "best pet-friendly hotel"   http://t.co/g30bfqgfe9 
 "make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - think like a champion 
 @stingluver                    "@realdonaldtrump my 19 year old son logan is hoping you run in 2016. me too!" thank you logan and erin 
 @jodiyilek             "@realdonaldtrump you have my vote! ★★★★★"  thanks 
 @mjayshilling  thanks 
 @sam_rellim so true--thanks 
 congratulations to @jasondufner on winning the pga championship. great job 
 money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains. – think like a billionaire 
 @matthewsmales1   thank you 
 i can't believe that in new york we can't watch the pga championsip on cbs. how    .much discount is time warner giving its customers 
 @jonkarl - very fair interview 
 @tayloroftexas   so nice good morning 
 @thefamilyleader  thank you i had an amazing time 
 @michaelfrench52  don't lie you will watch with great gusto 
 @charleslfreemn  my finances have been totally filed dummy 
 @thefamilyleader   it was great being with you last night - fantastic people and bob v is special 
 @thisweekabc  should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! enjoy 
 @thisweekabc   i enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-i only hope it is fairly edited 
 @not_that_actor   very interesting 
 @tplrrt1   thanks thomas 
 @alikilmartin. stay tuned 
 big crowd expected tomorrow night in iowa. it will be interesting and fun - great people 
 watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack. -     general george s. patton 
 eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against scott stringer. he can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record 
 the trump signature collection exclusively available at @macys is the pinnacle of style and prestige http://t.co/mahenjax8f 
 thank you @golfmagazine for putting my scotland course on your cover and a top 100 course in the world. http://t.co/pt4jrevifh 
 colin montgomerie @montgomeriefdn you are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary @golfchannel 
 first minister @alexsalmond will be destroying the beauty of scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines 
 @alexsalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down scotland’s throat –he's hated for it 
 if the gov't shuts down it is because obama wants to make working americans buy obamacare while businesses and gov't are exempt 
 if fm @alexsalmond needs to litter scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose! http://t.co/tqkkcly4vl 
 fact – the reason why americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because obama refuses to pass a budget 
 re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn't always the best. their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable 
 in the latest poll danger-weiner’s numbers have sunk. i wonder how carlos handled the stress? he is one whacko sicko sexter 
 i will be addressing a fantastic ames crowd at tomorrow's @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader leadership summit http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 
 @ascottpga  really solid playing--keep going 
 @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you 
 via @thebrodyfile: "iowa evangelical leader says donald trump is bold and transparent" http://t.co/v0nbwq9vat 
 blackdog scotland started a petition against @vattenfallgroup.  http://t.co/ee5g0qzyid 
 @aa_newey  thanks 
 @austin_bighurt @ivankatrump  when we finish it will be one of world's great hotels 
 @billkicklighter              "made sure to visit @trumptowerny during our 1st vacation to nyc. well done @realdonaldtrump!"  thanks 
 @augustskaro @monikakovacs @jasondolan only some 
 @masov40                   "@ryanjorde @realdonaldtrump money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems" wrong 
 sleepy eyes @chucktodd when looking at my financial filings should’ve said great job mr. trump sir 
 doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when i considered running for president i filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers 
 sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that i’m doing @thisweekabc 
 @mattyd859                "@realdonaldtrump. @billrancic biggest motivation and thee best role models ever!"  bill is a terrific guy 
 @smumom54 he should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen 
 @ny2dc_n_back @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan wrong piers is smart &amp; tough and when you get to know him a really good guy--and loyal 
 obama should meet with putin snd convince him to do what is good for the u.s.  it's called good dealmaking or simply leadership! cajole 
 @showtimeshelby   thanks 
 @mjobrey27   66 
 @tloutengineer  thanks 
 @jake_grimes   thanks 
 @clemensisland13   have a great time-happy birthday 
 @chrisstackstacy   thanks 
 @scottlara1961 have a happy birthday 
 @kylemccall4   so true-alex salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people 
 for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @macys.com 
 being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.that’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -midas touch 
 just a few days until i keynote at @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader leadership summit in iowa http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 very exciting 
 it’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing. – think like a champion 
 @maxknowsall         "@realdonaldtrump england loves donald trump. where can we buy your ties from over here please?" check out @macys.com 
 @thebarkerbaker great go get 'em 
 @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan because piers won celebrity apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and i just started with twitter 
 @lkr_fan24               "hey @realdonaldtrump visited trump international hotel in #vegas yesterday. what a fantastic hotel." thanks 
 @davidperez728 @trumplasvegas  great 
 @sjohnstonefilm   thank you 
 "patience is the greatest of all virtues." -- cato 
 "get respect and do not give a damn if people like you." --think big 
 definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - w. clement stone 
 @flowergirl56 thanks 
 @pikedagger1868 keep your chin up keep going 
 @georgeptransue @bw @trumpwinery @erictrump  thank you 
 @bradleymenglin good luck 
 @marc_soler1  my honor 
 do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage 
 ft. hood jihadi nidal hassan has been paid over $300g in army salary while on trial. his victims are deprived of any benefits 
 @vanityfair’s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under graydon carter http://t.co/bhqyczgcww disaster 
 @godfreygr  thanks ian 
 @govmikehuckabee great being on your show--see you soon 
 @tvmario  thanks 
 @djkelly78  thank you 
 @trumpsoho features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors http://t.co/yun5d14t0q  nyc's trendiest luxury  hotel 
 the trump organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of the old post office. will be dc's finest hotel 
 "trump finalizes agreement for trump international hotel the old post office building washington d.c." http://t.co/zjqnd3zruk 
 excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader leadership summit in iowa this saturday http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 
 @rudmania20  happy birthday shane 
 #trumpvine weiner is a joke.... https://t.co/dra34wseyg 
 @rachelyohee hi 
 @kelbug99   hi 
 let @peterose in the hof - it's time 
 @mikeveltman good luck again 
 @deneetro  happy birthday 
 "by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." --benjamin franklin 
 @kingmortimer best to look up titles at http://t.co/ch2npjbcpz under publications. start with the art of the deal and never give up 
 @dianejackson9 if you love what you're doing the energy and passion will be there. it's the best way to succeed 
 @randirobics  yes it will be amazing 
 @brianryback thank you brian and good luck 
 be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally. that’s good business. – think like a champion 
 i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that. – midas touch 
 @danielhr27 thanks 
 @cloverc8 great 
 "you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else."albert einstein 
 "our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time."thomas a. edison 
 @j4k9flatley thanks jake 
 why has all time hits leader pete rose paid a 20 year price whrn a-rod gets 200 game penalty. it's time to let pete into the hall of fame 
 @__bolt   that could happen he is terrific 
 @green_i4u  thank you 
 @robrosales1   thank you rob 
 @mdsdaddotson thanks michelle 
 @gretawire will be on with greta tonight at 10 on fox-always a great show with greta 
 the old post office building in washington (d.c.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs 
 we.signed our deal to take over the historic old post office on pennsylvania ave. from the u.s. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs 
 "action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often."--mark twain 
 @davymac_1972  thanks 
 take your work seriously take yourself less seriously. it’s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories 
 @dianejackson9 look at the solution not the problem--and never give up 
 @dianejackson9 @anniehepburn thanks 
 omikrondreamer           "@realdonaldtrump do you wear your own ties?"  yes 
 @austinsaysthat  great 
 @fredrikeklundny               "thank you @realdonaldtrump for the assignment!!!!! ❤"  great job fredrik 
 "what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - goethe 
 "donald trump’s http://t.co/uw8lzesvrd breaks $1m for comedian adam carolla: new crowdfunding site sets record" http://t.co/4ez23shwy9 
 via @bw: "thomas jefferson donald trump share love of grapes in virginia"  http://t.co/ayus1q7gru @trumpwinery @erictrump 
 @tamilasami  the key word is "yet." keep at it never give up 
 @ronturner10 pursue it starting today. "action  is the foundational key to all success."pablo  picasso 
 do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. get your momentum going and keep it going 
 a good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  what am i pretending not to see? there are a lot of opportunities out there 
 @jeffgonyea the art of the deal 
 @icallbullsh_t   please send info to 725  fifth ave n.y. 10022.  thanks 
 @gallenofmilk13 great going 
 @noall   thank you 
 history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - dwight d. eisenhower 
 @amyg2200 happy birthday 
 let me sum this up for you... http://t.co/lsvby2ls8b 
 @mikeloyacenter  that's great 
 less than ten days until i keynote @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader leadership summit. tix going fast.http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 
 @trumpwinery's sparkling white &amp; red wine collections have won numerous  major awards &amp; acclaim including http://t.co/yfogpss8s3 
 keystone xl should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. would be an economic windfall 
 do as i say not as i do. obama just granted a special obamacare exemption for all congress http://t.co/iy34knpowz all are hypocrites 
 over 35 cia operatives were on the ground in benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack http://t.co/gliqupblnv still a "phony scandal" 
 "if once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem."  abraham lincoln 
 for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @macys.com 
 @nautilus916 @1986fed  wrong 
 @jpickering1                     "@realdonaldtrump how long until a trump golf course hosts a major?" very soon 
 "go confidently in the direction of your dreams. live the life you have imagined."- henry david thoreau 
 @not_that_actor    i know 
 @lcamp34  thanks 
 @eboy12318   thanks 
 isn't it sad the way putin is toying with obama regarding snowden. we look weak and pathetic. could not happen with.a strong leader 
 @jgrant_realtor  thank you 
 i’m on @etonlinealert tonight to talk about what the yankees should have done about a-rod long ago http://t.co/uxdq4bf30k 
 @nick_botha  thank you 
 @compaqsstring3 perhaps 
 eliot better have a great pre-nup—i want to help silda in her negotiation 
 people don’t know that eliot’s father is very rich. eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters 
 wow! does eliot spitzer have a girlfriend? this is getting exciting 
 "if you don't do your part don't blame god." - billy sunday 
 @doug_barnard                     "@realdonaldtrump you should vine more often they're great! #trumpvine"  thanks 
 it is a great victory for nyc that a-rod will never wear pinstripes again 
 i am getting worried about chris @hardball_chris matthews.  is he drinking again 
 chris @hardball_chris matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  he is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel 
 snowden is handing over to russia a treasure trove of intel. our politicians are incapable of dealing 
 a sad day for america with snowden being granted asylum in russia.  putin is laughing at obama 
 be sure to keep following announcements on the development of trump international golf club dubai.  will be spectacular 
 my @stevedeaceshow int. on china the economy and my upcoming keynote at @thefamilyleader leadership summit http://t.co/wdwwbe83wz 
 @willeshirey                  "@realdonaldtrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man"  great 
 @kaplunm        "@realdonaldtrump thoughts on snowden being granted asylum in russia?" no respect for u.s. by russia 
 @thetylerdeboer @joelosteen  being associated with joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man 
 i wonder who @arseniohall's first guest will be---- his show will be great 
 who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #tbt #trump http://t.co/fyayuszvmq 
 #trumpvine @arod sucks! https://t.co/wpzletlazm 
 what the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve. -  norman vincent peale 
 when i jokingly said "bring back steve jobs to run apple" because apple has not been doing well the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  sad 
 @the_iron_lad conservative 
 @meedcolin   yes very soon.  project will be amazing 
 @firdousalidr have fun 
 @ccalder0811 thank you 
 @glenda_goff happy birthday glenda 
 @an3t   thanks 
 @rat4xmas thanks tim 
 @hugozepedatv   thank you 
 @cancer_champion  thank you for those nice words 
 now with the danger-weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy eliot spitzer. a man who has never earned 10 cents in his life 
 just like @yankee organization i can’t wait for @mlb to suspend a-rod. will be a great day for the sport 
 @klassnik                      "i survive on bread water and @realdonaldtrump's essential tweets"  great 
 @wsutt                "@realdonaldtrump are you redoing the red course @ doral too?"  yes 
 @sharonk720            "@realdonaldtrump appreciate the advice. needed that today. thank u."  my honor 
 obama believes benghazi is a phony scandal.  nothing phony about americans being killed by islamists 
 surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming http://t.co/u1e9opo3fi 
 great piece by @ewerickson @redstate exposing how karl 1.6% rove cooked a poll in support of obamacare http://t.co/oqkrzfjuhi 
 @irene1969 have a great day 
 be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @stevedeaceshow.  steve is a terrific guy 
 "defund it or own it. if you fund it you're for it." - @senmikelee 
 via @postsports @barrysvrluga "donald trump has major aspirations for his trump national golf club in virginia" http://t.co/6njhbo5rmm 
 "trump: something ‘mentally wrong’ with weiner" http://t.co/v3gpzzbted  via @hilltube by @danielstrauss4 
 looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader leadership summit.  tickets selling out http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 
 congratulations to @dianesawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. diane is a spectacular person 
 @based_erc   thanks.eric 
 poll numbers have nosedived for pervert nyc mayoral candidate anthony weiner- good news for new york 
 @not_that_actor   thank you andy 
 @lunaticial sorry dopey i bought lots of facebook stock at 16 
 @jurciuoli19 justin it will be on in the fall - the cast will be great 
 @sgonzalez1964 thanks sonia 
 without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing 
 @da1nonlyasulony thank you so much adam 
 "even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement." - henry ford 
 the best way out is always through. - robert frost 
 @oloch3  thanks 
 "trust in god and be true to yourself." mary macleod trump"know everything you can about what you're doing." fred c. trump 
 the golden rule of negotiating:  he who has the gold makes the rules 
 negotiation tip: be reasonable &amp; flexible. being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation 
 @tuserious854 the art of the deal is a good start 
 @tuserious854 i love what i do. you have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. that's number one 
 negotiation tip: think about what the other side wants. know where they're coming from. try to create a win/win situation 
 negotiation tip: be patient be persistent be stubborn. know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself 
 @gfgpj @thomripley  thanks 
 @jacobocasarez                "@realdonaldtrump which one of your trump courses is your favorite to play?" hard to say--all are fantastic 
 @chef_kayyarrdee wow--great! thanks 
 @barontoutenberg               "@realdonaldtrump what advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife huma?" take off 
 @jamincoolj                  "@realdonaldtrump donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best?" i'd better not say 
 once you learn to quit it becomes a habit. - vince lombardi 
 @pietiev  thanks 
 @chef2234 @cloutsnchara happy birthday 
 via @thefamilyleader:  donald trump to speak at the family leadership summit http://t.co/izuqubkwtt get tix http://t.co/kwp1fv0ey9 
 @aprilpole                "@realdonaldtrump i love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you"  thanks 
 i'm at trump national dc @trumpgolfdc watching the #2013juniorpga championship--fantastic young players! @thepgaofamerica 
 @trumpdoral @realjoebrady it will really be amazing when complete 
 @mkasun thanks 
 @montoyamania                "a good 75% of @realdonaldtrump 's tweets get favorited"   great 
 @euanhay you can have a round on me 
 "success is not the key to happiness. happiness is the key to success. if you love what you are doing you'll be a success." - a. schweitzer 
 @deelaney31                     "@realdonaldtrump besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success?" i love what i do 
 don't tread water. get out there and go for it. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface 
 @ronaldfasshauer true 
 @thejustinmiami the art of the deal 
 @colinth21 thanks colin 
 @realsonnynewman  they are laughing 
 @vin7768   thank you-work hard and good luck 
 the u.s. is now "begging" russia to give back edward snowden. in a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. no respect 
 druggie @arod is now scheming to sue the @yankees. he will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time 
 the new reality – china’s demand for oil now controls the market http://t.co/lqkttsycoq  and opec gets away with ripping us off at $105 
 wacko pervert @anthonyweiner’s idea of hispanic outreach is using carlos danger as his sexting. he’s an insensitive racist 
 #trumpvine a message for @anthonyweiner- https://t.co/czx1hoitwb 
 the 250 million dollar construction of trump nationsl doral is coming along great. just left miami where i toured entire project.amazing 
 on the sands of playa brava waves will reflect on walls &amp; circular architecture of trump tower punta del este http://t.co/xemmzs0tra 
 getting ready to leave @trumpdoral and the brand new blue monster course--it's unbelievable 
 learn to think continentally. - alexander hamilton 
 "trump: weiner a 'sick puppy' that nyc doesn't need" http://t.co/dagdtleegt via @newsmax_media 
 in beautiful miami inspecting the progress of @trumpdoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort 
 don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. that's a shortcut to undermining your own potential 
 @mikemchale09      "@realdonaldtrump wouldn't you agree that apple is falling off without visionary steve jobs?" yes 
 @purplerapezebra                    "@realdonaldtrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." and i have stock 
 @dawson304  true 
 @cccabrera10                       "@realdonaldtrump reading the midas touch now what an amazing source of good information."  thanks 
 mar-a-lago is florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities http://t.co/shszxx9m9j 
 there are no environments where you're only going to win because life just isn't like that. -  bobby orr 
 @leaheary  thanks 
 @danscavino   great 
 i've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. they are a waste of time and energy 
 "entrepreneurs are all unique. one way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are." - midas touch 
 isn’t it sad that weiner’s first press conference with wife huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology 
 congrats to senator mcconnell and @theteaparty_net’s kellen guida on yesterday’s successful tea party caucus http://t.co/n1tkgpsuhk 
 looking forward to my iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats’ @thefamilyleader summit http://t.co/izuqubkwtt  big crowd 
 i can’t believe apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iphone screen. bring back steve jobs 
 for the sake of new york city all recent sexting victims of anthony ‘carlos danger’ weiner should come forward 
 my comment last march - anthony weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? he will never change. http://t.co/uf5f0fbwgd 
 my @gretawire int. on obama’s falling poll numbers americans losing incentive to work and weiner’s sexting http://t.co/gmsbpcypuz 
 @prisih91               "in love with the best book that i ever read ! @realdonaldtrump "why we want you to be rich" and robert kiyosaki" 
 @sonsofreagan                 "@realdonaldtrump please post a daily #vine saying 'obama you're fired'! thank you!" 
 today obama will give another speech on the economy. tomorrow our country will still be $17t+ in debt with 18% real unemployment 
 why is @alexsalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @vattenfallgroup quit because of no (cont) http://t.co/jmzvtmjlgp 
 @samaraomgharper  thanks 
 @acmeansbusiness thanks 
 @stevenfarris        "@realdonaldtrump great interview with greta!  "america has lost incentive!" "  thanks and true 
 we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today 
 ".@ynberg: long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black @realdonaldtrump 4real".great dean and you will make it 
 watch the first #trumpvine re: anthony weiner- https://t.co/dwmiw9t2q6 
 courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.- john wayne 
 more and more reporters are using the word trump when referring to winning--just used on bloomberg news. gee i wonder why 
 vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in aberdeen scotland just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb european move 
 bloomberg news - spain's renewable projects lead by money losing wind turbines facing bankruptcy. hopefully scotland is watching 
 @jmhpolitics  true 
 @mikeymexico  thsnk you 
 @3girlsanddtrain   just amazing 
 greta in a few minutes-will be interesting 
 @lucasnahn thanks 
 i am doing greta tonight on fox - talking about obama care and pervert anthony wiener!  10 p.m 
 on anthony wiener i told you so 
 remember anthony wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from congress and his apology-zero control over himself 
 @presidentstevie   not when you are running for mayor 
 as i told everyone once before wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. sadly there is no cure 
 i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 10 pm 
 @jeffldye                    "@realdonaldtrump visually the best golf course i have ever played! trump international golf links." thanks 
 @rexrode_lisa                "@realdonaldtrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.that's perverted" dated. no that's talent 
 @sepamu @rainnwilson citizen kane gone with the wind the good the bad and the ugly etc 
 @stephendoody3                   "@realdonaldtrump do you think anthony weiner deserves a 3rd chance?"  no 
 to be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities. few ever get rich easily. – think like a billionaire 
 according to @pewresearch illegal immigrants favor dems 8:1 http://t.co/zn4roifvza @gop pushing amnesty. do they have death wish 
 @arod is back on the dl.  the coming suspension will be announced soon by @mlb 
 national review online: kristin davis's libertarian 'tough love' http://t.co/nkeiiq6gwv 
 great read: hollywood can kiss adam corolla's ass he's going trump funding http://t.co/sddbhccdoe via @upstartbusiness 
 this is the summer of box office bombs.  who is green lighting this garbage? the scripts are terrible 
 phil mickelson’s final 66 round in @the_open was amazing. congrats on his well-deserved win. amazing competitor &amp; a great guy 
 no surprise serial sexter anthony continues to be a sick pervert. he was sexting a 'young' girl last summer http://t.co/k12kgrwytk 
 detroit’s bankruptcy could just be the start http://t.co/mkpcoozie4 many municipalities across us are over-leveraged &amp; losing citizens 
 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanama is the country’s first five star development.  a masterpiece http://t.co/fhjemp4xwu 
 @yashkandhari        "@realdonaldtrump i'll say it again your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. thank you so much" thank you 
 @ashleyemom23 happy birthday 
 ginrnnr2                    "@realdonaldtrump ...is china economy in a "bubble"?"  only if we want it to be 
 @scottferrall  thanks 
 @rickymadsen @heidimads @oprah happy anniversary heidi 
 if you've got some problems today that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation 
 "weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." --albert einstein 
 word is that they have far more evidence on a-rod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over 
 baseball player ryan braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell 
 @page08   true 
 china is taking the oil from iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". our leaders are so stupid 
 500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an iraq prison today. that country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess 
 china is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! very sad 
 apple is finally considering a large screen for the i-phone-they better get moving fast. when i told them to do this last year they scoffed 
 @not_that_actor   a terrible situation 
 will be on fox &amp; friends in 3 minutes-7.00 a.m 
 @erikjhalvorsen   yes 
 also the donald j. trump signature mattress from serta is doing record business-call serta and see why 
 the ties shirts and suits at macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better 
 going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision. – think big 
 great read by @vdhanson: mexico's hypocrisy is evident in its own strict policy toward immigrants http://t.co/ofmzjkk6x7 
 our gdp has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  obamacare will slow us down even more.  has to be repealed 
 important editorial by john faso in @nydailynews: spitzer’s reckless leadership http://t.co/nf2dsq3euo 
 some good news for new york – weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released 
 @coolioneal  thanks 
 @tmwood8 @foxnews thanks 
 @as_scienceguy                     "@realdonaldtrump thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks great new breakthroughs." fantastic 
 @jeff__miller  thanks 
 @cleovienraytaba could happen 
 detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart brighter days are ahead 
 @andreatantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. she is sharp talented &amp; great sense of humor. congratulations 
 ranked nationally in @golfmagazine's top 100 trump int'l golf club in palm beach is a 27 hole masterpiece http://t.co/yklozgmuex 
 @yashkandhari                 "@realdonaldtrump sir your tweets are truly motivational! thanks a lot" thank you 
 @mgseneca he was a great friend of mine--loyal guy 
 in @oreillyfactor’s no spin zone re: obamacare causing unemployment negotiating with china &amp; my $5m court win http://t.co/2zwlikvgia 
 "if you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it. go out and get busy." - dale carnegie 
 @elbatata_ok the art of the deal is a good introduction 
 @jdaddy98  never give up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved 
 be flexibly focused. focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid. – think big 
 "i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi 
 re-run of o'reilly on fox now 
 on bill o'reilly in 5 minutes 
 for the disciples of global warming in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4 
 whether you love like or hate donald trump i will be on bill o'reilly (fox) tonight at 8.00. bill knows trump is great for ratings 
 @joselynmartinez  thank you joselyn 
 i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight interview with bill o'reilly on @foxnews at 8 p.m. repeated at 11 p.m 
 labor disgraces no man; unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - gen. ulysses s. grant 
 @cloverc8  thanks 
 @algiers4 thanks--say hi to mikey 
 one thing i’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better. - art of the deal 
 @thompson_dustin the art of the deal 
 the most important political office is that of the private citizen. - justice louis d. brandeis 
 @vinceritch thanks 
 @trumpphillygm                     "@realdonaldtrump you have truly elevated this club to another level. we thank you!" thanks 
 the fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  be prudent in your market investing 
 congratulations to @kingjames on winning athlete of the year in last night’s @espys. lebron is also a great guy 
 with an award winning course designed by tom fazio trump national philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel http://t.co/h8sxveqwdo 
 must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that obamacare will cost over $1m for compliance http://t.co/rmnnnsclpm 
 @youngmman "@realdonaldtrump conrad hilton was a great man but barron hilton is a dope." wrong on barron 
 go to @macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties shirts and suits 
 @rhino848484 my honor 
 @bigstack19 "@realdonaldtrump does anyone actually read rolling stone anymore? guess they had to create (cont) http://t.co/qvqdlruxcm 
 @gop congress needs to actually defund obamacare not waste time passing non-binding resolutions 
 why is the @gop congress focusing on amnesty when so many americans are unemployed 
 "time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever." - think big 
 "we all have the capability to read or sense what's happening with others. it can often give you the edge (cont) http://t.co/iyxnqdsd6u 
 "enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success." ― conrad hilton 
 isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution 
 don't talk about rolling stone magazine but most importantly don't buy it. this degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people 
 sad thing is rolling stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it 
 "sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities" - think like a champion 
 the zimmerman trial is over.  it is time to move on.  while zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on 
 @israelipm @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  when he sets a red line it stands 
 @missusa erin brady is doing a fantastic job representing trump miss usa.  smart gorgeous--a really positive force 
 the 2013 trump @missuniverse pageant comes to moscow on november 9th.  airing from crocus city hall on @nbc 
 only in america can a jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @rollingstone cover 
 @b3kz0r  many people agree 
 @preppermeister @eastsiderj  thanks 
 @jacknicklaus has done a great job as the architect of my new golf course at ferry point. nyc is very proud 
 @cmcoe have fun 
 @francaselles  thank you 
 fun fact for my 2m+ followers - the 'architect' karl rove blew $400m in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6% 
 mariano rivera is one of top @yankees of all time. greatest closer of all time. a true warrior. last night's mvp award well-deserved 
 @prgirl817                 "way to go @realdonaldtrump for the big donation to the #vauction"  thanks 
 @jocelynclervil @espn_colin  thanks 
 @espnradio my great honor 
 @jrmarsy rolling stone is just another dying magazine that sucks 
 @lakotadlustig  good luck 
 @shawnwhughes  thanks 
 @funnyjs great thanks 
 @koneslager         "@realdonaldtrump - just finishing midas touch...thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" thx 
 @dolla1125 it's the sense of achievement along the way 
 "trump tees up another 'hole in one' in scotland"  http://t.co/urkfmb5gas 
 @terrell87               "@realdonaldtrump i read your book: "trump 101 the way to success" and i absolutely love it." thanks good luck 
 @pliztef  i like being nice to people 
 @brikmilleredg you will love it 
 @owenkopitekavan               "@realdonaldtrump i just finished reading think like a champion i loved it..." thanks and good luck 
 @dszippit very nice question thank you danny 
 be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort 
 "feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have."  dale carnegie 
 @vinnipuncture great idea i will ask her 
 american league wins 
 @russellcochran thanks 
 @carlosbeltran15   great job-you are a terrific player 
 @jmonaski1 sad 
 @markodero32   interesting 
 @polatseck thanks 
 give a lot of credit to carlos beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the cardinals-great going carlos 
 he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - muhammad ali 
 @mysticwolf12001 thanks 
 @iridemarta:                     "@realdonaldtrump please save our country before its too late!! president trump sounds perfect" thanks 
 @jonyeong don't be a fool 
 weiner and spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  a sad day for the greatest city on earth! they will spend lots of time together 
 @austinsaysthat true 
 @jesussogameeer i promise 
 @ugolf_ross perhaps. pray for great leadership 
 @ajshaw1003 great 
 @jaime_rg                       "think like a billionaire. by: @realdonaldtrump. a must-read. http://t.co/w80snxr75a" 
 @aduanepotter do not give up--you will make it 
 @not_that_actor  interesting 
 traitor snowden has requested asylum in russia.  why would russia grant it?  snowden already gave them all the intel he stole 
 do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. you’ll absolutely need them. – midas touch 
 @arceepalabrica @realdonaldtrump "midas touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. thanks for sharing your knowledge" 
 consumer prices rose in june due to opec http://t.co/wip3fmm2di opec continues to rip off hard working american families daily 
 most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there. -think big 
 @sandy070707 thanks 
 @menyhoffman great and thanks 
 @john_monteforte  thank you 
 @underworldfilms thank you 
 @trace_barden good luck 
 "trump: zimmerman trial 'traumatic period for country'" http://t.co/ocjjzmnyp7 @newsmax_media 
 via @thestreet by @swan_investor: "trump tees up another 'hole in one' in scotland" http://t.co/z3vnhc8qda 
 had a great time on @ingrahamangle this morning 
 because i will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #roadhard. http://t.co/e0q8nvm6vj 
 i am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #roadhard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie 
 just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in e. hampton my portrait by artist william quigley topped  list at $60k 
 a brand is not a logo. a brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver. – midas touch 
 @pixxxxxiedust yes danielle a great chance 
 obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipeline--has to happen but it is very late 
 learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction. – think like a champion 
 now a-rod doesn’t even show up to his single-a rehab games.  maybe the @yankees will get lucky and @mlb will suspend a-rod 
 obamacare will cost 3 times as much as obama promised – $2.6t http://t.co/alm2gjrecq it is not sustainable. (h/t @gatewaypundit) 
 ready to get mad?! we are sending foreign aid to china our greatest threat http://t.co/ljj6dcwb3z we are financing our enemy 
 be careful – sexting pervert anthony weiner is upping his campaigning.  when will new pictures be released 
 eliot spitzer’s illegal frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of hank greenberg at aig played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown 
 all nyc needs is the mentally unstable elliot spitzer in office again 
 via @411mania: "donald trump comments on a return to wrestling" http://t.co/ygekalkmku 
 my @foxandfriends int. on the zimmerman trial &amp; verdict courage of the jury and reactions! http://t.co/slnsimszfx 
 @helenpferdehirt thanks helen 
 zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in florida law gave the jury little other choice 
 @fordbeautyqueen   thanks 
 spitzer failed as a.g. failed as governor in disgrace and was fired on all t.v. shows (boring and zero ratings) and he's at it again 
 i would invite edward snowden to be a judge at the miss universe pageant in moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early 
 @evansmsolutions   good luck 
 perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back 
 i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th 
 russia should hand over snowden to the u.s. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders 
 @rockster62   wow 
 @leighton_chris   thanks 
 @jimdaniels_jd   thanks 
 @anitanewell   interesting 
 @anitanewell   true 
 @mikefavreece   thanks 
 @jtfoxx   true and thanks 
 @beaumontanthony   thanks 
 a woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. our legal system is a mess. watch- http://t.co/pu9kwkxyv1 
 destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work. – think like a champion 
 "trump’s menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year" http://t.co/kuhd0b273h via @thescotsman 
 via cbswashdc: 114-year-old dc building a step closer to becoming trump’s latest hotel http://t.co/7ux5iar6so 
 action is the foundational key to all success. - pablo picasso 
 real estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth. – think like a billionaire 
 @trumpdoral’s record $200m renovations are on schedule. the hotel remains open for guests events and conferences. http://t.co/f894av2vph 
 @jaiidervilla   thank you 
 @iamaashka    thanks it will be great 
 snowden has given serious information to china and russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! he is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime 
 do not view any failure as the end. learn your lessons quickly then move on. do not dwell on failure. start thinking big again 
 derek jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. he's a true @yankees captain. look forward to seeing him back on the field 
 lying traitor snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the russians or chinese.  why doesn’t he come home then 
 a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - dwight d. eisenhower 
 why should obamacare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  with premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable 
 just as i predicted obamacare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. may never be fully implemented 
 getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough 
 interesting…the last time a democrat succeeded a two-term democratic pres. was in 1836 when martin van buren succeeded andrew jackson 
 via http://t.co/w5cplpegau  donald trump announces launch of his first indian project in pune http://t.co/uwz9ewddvc 
 @djrandyran happy birthday 
 must read @amspec article by jeffrey lord: the ruling class liberty medal http://t.co/xop9fesmkc 
 @joselynmartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer http://t.co/l2slcwa5co  she visited ivanka &amp; me at trump tower today 
 congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @foxnews 
 great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv 
 looking forward to a press conference  today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard http://t.co/jjfnhkjsem 
 @rickywatt1 thanks 
 @skooogs great 
 @iamstevent visited me at @trumptowerny- what a great guy! http://t.co/zriawmzjgb 
 trump international hotel &amp; tower vancouver will include vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub &amp; trump spa http://t.co/82lbwxpked 
 the hill’s twitter room: trump: spitzer weiner turning new york into ‘pervert central’ http://t.co/adfjpd7yse 
 @joshuamelhorn thanks 
 @leapfrogmark bbc is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage 
 @kjclt1 thanks 
 @nebseb thanks 
 with the two wacko perverts--spitzer and weiner--nyc politics has become a joke all over the world 
 spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of eliot as a businessman 
 eliot spitzer was a horrible governor and a.g. who ruined many good people and cost the country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs) 
 @macdaddyeli   you are correct eliana 
 it probably was not drugs that caused the san fran crash but why aren't they testing - who knows 
 @flyingcolours66   thanks it has been amazing 
 the san fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing ridiculous 
 what took investigators so long to interview the pilots of asiana san fran crash?  why no drug tests for pilots-they were really "off" 
 @time magazine should definitely pick david pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards 
 winners never quit and quitters never win. - vince lombardi 
 must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor william kristol &amp; @nro editor @richlowry ‘kill the bill’ http://t.co/6xxw9t8zl4 
 pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that bin laden was living in abbottabad.  they were sheltering him 
 it’s tuesday.  how much money will karl rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the house 
 you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. – the art of the deal 
 trump organization's first project in india trump towers pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance http://t.co/vzr9jwkz29 
 too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @spitzerfornyc  to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting… 
 with spitzer &amp; anthony weiner running for office new york  is pervert central!  pathetic 
 a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat. – think big 
 be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything http://t.co/cmfrwv0p5t giving away money 
 @rickhasamartini   you said you are "tired" - say the rest that you're lazy and dumb 
 @mslisaalevy  thank you 
 was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to scotland. http://t.co/6slubeqyll 
 based on john sweeney's lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! http://t.co/hep1kolty2 
 @paulcrouch22 thank you 
 @stenbizzle @tomdoggy true and thanks 
 @vexnerd  i did a great thing for scotland 
 @beaumontanthony true and thanks 
 @jreid1973 she was great 
 @dimasmoosa thank you 
 "the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - pres. lincoln 
 @jackoloughlin  thanks 
 "remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive." - think like a champion 
 @kylejkrantz true 
 @lexgates we built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to scotland 
 @l100ran  thanks 
 @stenbizzle @tomdoggy thanks--has been great for scotland 
 @nataliejeeaann  great 
 @theoclass true 
 @lee_renn1  thanks 
 "if you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. what really matters is how you respond to them." - think big 
 @brandideator the art of the deal is a good start 
 via @breitbartnews @biggovt by @mboyle1: exclusive: never-aired 'apprentice' parody of trump firing obama http://t.co/xrwaugfua8 
 we should not cut any aid to egypt.  their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government 
 @ptr2mm  thanks 
 isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property 
 @marcocompagno you are probably correct i am too honest to be a good politician 
 ‎in anticipation of obamacare part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce http://t.co/jt9wzhk5aa 
 besides an award winning golf course @trumpgolfla features exquisite estates on top the palos verdes peninsula http://t.co/xtxcqqfubq 
 @chayalimbodedim    thank you 
 @kayjaybutton   yeah blame me moron 
 @andy_murray   fantastic job by @andy_murray a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  amazing 
 @chrisopherdavis   true and thanks 
 anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman! congrats to chris 
 would seem that plane landed short of runway in san francisco 
 @golfweekmag - thank you for trump scotland honor 
 just heard that the great golf week magazine named my trump international golf course-scotland the best modern day golf course in the world 
 @therealkurse     so true 
 @craig_longislnd   thanks craig 
 @ruffff2    thanks-a great place 
 @beccapiano  thank you becca 
 for all of those that were hoping i was wrong and this is a very unimportant subject to me dwight howard just officially announced houston 
 @christinejude   thanks christine very nice 
 @drunkrhino   great 
 dwight howard just signed with houston 
 to all of those who asked i predicted two weeks ago and again last night that dwight howard would go to houston.do i get congrats-insight 
 @lulabel3766   but paula handled it very poorly 
 @sirtyro   thank you 
 the "arab spring" is not working out so well-nice name bad results 
 my son @erictrump and @laraleayunaska just announced their engagement. great news! a wonderful couple 
 @ninetek  then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron 
 sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the world 
 sorry folks i'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry they will be around long after we are gone 
 leaving miami-trump national doral will be great 
 @farm_mom   so true 
 our trade deficit just jumped in may to the second-highest level on record http://t.co/aenxrcvmwg  fair trade not free trade. i told you 
 obama-putin moscow meeting on 9.3-4 http://t.co/e859qxefhj on the agenda 2013 trump @missuniverse pageant in moscow on 11.9 on @nbc 
 stop and frisk works.  instead of criticizing @ny_police chief ray kelly new yorkers should be thanking him for keeping ny safe 
 in 2011 i said that mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  obama made a mistake 
 via @nypost: "trump’s links getting green" http://t.co/w4ywnvmile 
 @lbenson3 you're right it's beautiful--thanks 
 i just arrived in miami where i will be checking out construction of the brand new trump national doral - always closely watch construction 
 nice article on trump links at ferry point in today's new york post - the construction is going really well 
 he would be crazy to play in l.a. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players 
 wow obama care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end 
 oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months 
 @kennymacaskill1   thanks 
 @bornagain8344   will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil) 
 @dzeroseven   wrong 
 @famousumair   that's great 
 @pourquoipas20  good idea will create one 
 @durangorick   thank you:-) 
 @dwangpow   so true 
 "pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - aristotle 
 having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. our ego gives us a sense of purpose. – think like a champion 
 you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why. – midas touch 
 get in. get it done. get it done right. get out. – my father fred c. trump 
 @billmaher has continually degraded  catholic church on the joke he calls a show http://t.co/kzgtbwc87o catholics should boycott hbo 
 @yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @arod to rehab assignment. should suspend him until investigation is over 
 i am honored to be receiving the american spectator foundation award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in washington dc this fall 
 instead of attacking me ashish j. thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing uganda http://t.co/kkkwmsusey 
 i don’t know dennis kozlowski who made tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison but he’s up for parole—let him go 
 snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  in reality you are just another wiseguy traitor 
 anti-morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-mubarek protests. interesting 
 trump puerto rico is 1st development in puerto rico to combine lavish residences world class golf &amp; a beach http://t.co/nhfebos73y 
 @durangorick thank you 
 @jaymztyler i would stop paying him immediately 
 "you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big 
 yesterday obama compared nelson mandela to george washington in africa. do you think he really believes it 
 we should be concerned about the american worker &amp; invest here. not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7b in africa 
 "trump: 'terrible traitor' snowden embarrassing us"  http://t.co/y8wskau2gy via @thehill by @jtsthehill 
 congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @cnn’s crossfire. show will be excellent 
 millions protesting in egypt for morsi’s ouster http://t.co/aajxdf90bl when will obama demand morsi’s resignation as he did to mubarak 
 located in beautiful briarcliff ny @trumpnationalny features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside nyc http://t.co/xcgyclqa3h 
 via @reason: "donald trump: i can fix america" http://t.co/xrx9lvuace 
 our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the arizona wildfire. god bless them 
 @spence_derek i'll bet he was 
 via wsoc_tv: "donald trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown charlotte" http://t.co/bn24zrlifl great job @erictrump 
 fox and.friends now 
 edward snowden is absolutely killing the the u.s. with other countries 
 19 firefighters killed in arizona - terrible tragedy 
 every penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant 
 @kenzig   thank you 
 i am going to trump national doral in miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. in construction always watch the money 
 i am so disappointed that the yankeed haven't terminatrd a-rod's contract. there is no way they would not win in court! hard to believe 
 just watched facebook coo sheryl sandberg on 60 minutes. she should spend more time trying to get the f stock price up &amp; less on her ego 
 @danshaw2012   true 
 everytime someone tweets that i wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser 
 i like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-i don't wear a "wig". some may not like my hairstyle but all mine 
 @carlosgerboles   wrong made a lot of money in atlantic city-and most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with it-look at stats 
 @ebrumby   thank you 
 @spsmith78   so how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says 
 what my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!) 
 you mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and i multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad 
 @killngamerjobs   they will mostly vote for dems 
 i don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. check past 
 "imagination is more important than knowledge." --albert einstein 
 "sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. it is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations." - steve jobs 
 congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @cnn crossfire. great move by jeff zucker 
 obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in america. more real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles 
 always strive to outdo yourself. – think big 
 situated in the heart of downtown toronto the 65 story @trumpto offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle http://t.co/1u2pntpmcz 
 another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. unnecessary waste--horrible! http://t.co/eod0dxxbtg 
 how did snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret u.s. records. he then gave or sold those records-traitor 
 @rogerjmunson   only 40 hours? (just kidding) 
 can you imagine not taking snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many u.s. secrets) 
 keep difficulties in perspective. ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" 
 putin re snowden issue it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece 
 call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor. when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors 
 mastering others is strength. mastering yourself is true power. – lao tzu 
 there are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -think big 
 @agccevents @chambertalk have fun 
 @inkinhole  very sad isn't it 
 @vincemirabelli @trumplasvegas thanks 
 @rich_labelle have fun 
 @kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty 
 @mibrunette  our country needs the same fix-up 
 whether you like it or not bush also gave us obama 
 remember but for conservatives bush would have given us not only roberts but also harriet miers. face it bush was terrible 
 why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the republican judges will go 
 obamacare could "eat up your raise" http://t.co/v5exffixhk why isn't congress defunding it? they're obsessed with amnesty 
 what a surprise! newly released audit proves that the irs only targeted tea party groups http://t.co/asizgzlawt 
 @tomhanks was fabulous in @luckyguyplay last night—as was the entire cast 
 located in palm beach fl historic mar-a-lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities http://t.co/shszxx9m9j 
 ability is nothing without opportunity. - napoleon bonaparte 
 as hard as it is to believe sexting pervert anthony weiner is leading in some polls for mayor of nyc 
 china loved obama’s climate change speech yesterday. they laughed! it hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy 
 obama’s speech on climate change was scary. it will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone 
 don’t be afraid of mistakes. they can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.  think like a champion 
 shining over fifth avenue @trumptowerny (a ny icon) offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and gucci 
 one of the most expensive projects ever in miami @trumpdoral’s $200m of renovations are right on schedule. when completed will be elite 
 @nstegm  real estate 
 @pearlharry  thank you 
 @cherrie_stevens interesting 
 @fordette12 great 
 @derrintexada good luck--work hard 
 @danilluhermman   the wharton school of finance is the best 
 paula deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. she will be back 
 the people of scotland love the golf course i have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! thank you also to robb report 
 @michael74085825   almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. polls have shown 93% approval:-) 
 @lmetzger3590   thank you 
 @dreadphil1   miss usa pageant is much better 
 @blackfridaymgt you can't even spell businessman. i use the b laws like buffett kravis icahn zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell 
 @micr0driguez   they gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @macy's 
 new and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks@macy's - check them out 
 @kevinwarchie   thanks 
 congratulations to our great resident of chicago trump tower patrick kane @88pkane for the #stanleycup win &amp; winning mvp of series 
 "if you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - midas touch 
 "keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. be a collector of big ideas. constantly fill your mind with new information." - think big 
 looking forward to my @thefamilyleader summit visit and speech 
 @nikwallenda #skywire as much credit as he's been given he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over grand canyon 
 we need to worry about the american worker first 
 unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill http://t.co/tkdvhhh9he their expert opinions should at least be listened to 
 becoming a us citizen is not a right it’s a privilege 
 yesterday 15 @gop senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws 
 @mfmagofficial thank you 
 via @newsmax_media: trump iowa visit raises 2016 speculation http://t.co/x5vaxwib66 
 @ecatxerxes  go for it 
 @lorenzolamas thank you 
 @513pango that's really nice--good luck 
 @cwbmustang there certainly is plenty of evil 
 @halfmoon4life thanks 
 @1davidkim @trumptoronto great 
 @paulcdevlin much better enjoy it 
 some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious. – think like a champion 
 our debt is about to top $17t. obamacare and china (&amp; others) are killing american business 
 snowden is showing how weak the u.s. has become 
 we are being embarrassed by russia and china on snowden (and much more) yet obama is talking about global warming on tuesday 
 excited and honored to be addressing @thefamilyleader summit in iowa this august.  http://t.co/cgttujei6k 
 overlooking central park @trumpnewyork brings both glamor and prestige to your five diamond hotel stay http://t.co/ao22tzdhjo 
 via @hotelierme: olympic golf course designer named by trump-damac http://t.co/7upbaznasv 
 via @nydailynews: "@ivankatrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at trump hotels" http://t.co/yzdxvyawwb 
 @armusicplanner happy birthday anthony 
 even liberals &amp; democrats think eric schneiderman’s use of the atty general’s office is unfair &amp; unethical.  http://t.co/38zybpj4t3 
 see charles gasparino’s article in today’s nypost about eric schneiderman’s witch hunt against republicans http://t.co/38zybpj4t3 
 @pbanura or ireland 
 @trumpphillygm @daviscpagroup @trumpphillypro  have fun 
 @bestnewproduct @trumpcollection  thanks it is a beautiful city 
 @ewerickson enjoy your stay 
 @caroleapple   great meeting you 
 "coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford 
 "change is the law of life. and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." john f. kennedy 
 @wwefan123444  good luck 
 receiving the @robbreport trophy for best new golf course in the world- trump international golf links scotland. http://t.co/dbatc2ikyc 
 putin says russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—u.s. wants to reduce—are we crazy 
 @cosmicshiftbar @i_am_optimistic thanks 
 @barrimedia good luck 
 @fubaglady @camarodays  thanks i do and will 
 @kjlleonard thanks 
 due diligence includes increasing your financial iq daily 
 the best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present 
 vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good 
 after one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the spurs to beat the heat - but who knows. good game on now 
 my people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the james gandolfini-obama care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. arrest coming 
 @governorperry stopped by to say hello. http://t.co/xcub4udps1 
 re negotiation: trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. they're there for a reason 
 @rtwing1020  thanks--it will be great 
 keep focused on your goals. practice positive thinking. view any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem 
 negotiation is persuasion more than power. negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art 
 our debt is about to reach $17t. iraq has $20t in oil reserves. interesting 
 @dannyzuker loser danny is obsessed with trump 
 we know who did the hoax of james gandolfini and obamacare. be careful mister 
 james gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  he was also a decent man.  we will all miss him 
 keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying. – midas touch 
 some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g. there was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet) 
 who would really believe i would say such a thing about a guy i truly liked james gandolfini.  sadly very sick people use my name 
 i never made the ridiculous comment about james g. and obama care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. not my style 
 @matglav @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr  thank you 
 i salute all tea party patriots for marching on dc today.  stand strong 
 great to see @sarahpalinusa back on @foxnews. she's a wonderful woman and commentator 
 @ed_klein’s book ‘the amateur’ is out in paper back.  lots of insights 
 @thebigastabile   so true 
 @tubby511 thank you 
 @longlivetheboss   thank you very nice 
 amazing comeback by the heat - your friends at your favorite golf club trump national doral are proud of you. now for game 7 
 watch the game-really good 
 great basketball game going on right now 
 do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow - if so will he become my new best friend 
 the miami heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long summer for them 
 the miss universe pageant will be broadcast live from moscow russia on november 9th. a big deal that will bring our countries together 
 i met a trump twitter hater last night (well known). as he came near me he nervously said "mr. trump it is an honor to meet you sir!" nice 
 young entrepreneurs – never back down. take the hits and get up.  that’s what makes a winner 
 keep testing your limits. never become complacent.  always think big 
 all i can say is that if i were president snowden would have already been returned to the u.s. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology 
 snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and u.s.prestige. china is laughing at us as he continues illegal action 
 snowden is sitting in china and taunting the u.s. he is mocking us as a country. great time to place a tax on china trade if not turned over 
 like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about miss u.s.a. and miss utah. by the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her 
 frankly for a writer i don’t think @dannyzuker’s stuff is good. in fact it’s terrible 
 i own @dannyzuker but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. he can’t beat me at anything 
 a country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. secure our borders 
 trending story on miss utah is very unfair. she simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @missusa  @missuniverse 
 my @gretawire int. on obama scandals not resonating no retribution on benghazi obama not being engaged http://t.co/9jh3wpcajr 
 congratulations to @emilymiller @mboyle1 &amp; @noltenc on making @fishbowldc’s list of "10 journos you don't want to fight on twitter." 
 @giulianarancic &amp; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @missusa! everyone loved @jonasbrothers &amp; @djpaulyd’s performances 
 the crowning moment – conneticut’s erin brady winning @missusa 2013 http://t.co/onw1jojti0 
 congratulations to connecticut’s erin brady on being crowned the 2013 @missusa! america will be well-represented in @missuniverse 
 a family in las vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. great 
 we should stay the hell out of syria the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. what will we get for our lives and $ billions?zero 
 happy father's day to all even the haters and losers 
 @leodicaprio   come to miss u.s.a. tomorrow in las vegas-will be a great evening 
 don’t find fault. find a remedy. – henry ford 
 @quicksorter have a good time enjoy this great city 
 @eurphrosye  great 
 @adelebrumley  thanks 
 "work often becomes problem solving.  problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you." - think like a champion 
 for an advance preview of the miss usa 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to http://t.co/wanfsbn6vi 
 my @piersmorgan interview on snowden the traitor national security and china hacking us http://t.co/lnzwbuuvql 
 @duchessofdallas  thanks anna 
 @giulianarancic &amp; @nickjonas are co-hosting miss usa 2013 -- sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc. @jonasbrothers will be performing. tune in 
 watch miss usa 2013 sunday night at 9 pm et. live from planet hollywood las vegas. http://t.co/iq2xcjkeyn 
 father’s day is sunday. find the perfect gift.trump signature collection is exclusively available @macys http://t.co/mahenjax8f 
 @ivankatrump and i are looking forward to visiting vancouver next week.  big announcement… 
 a friend of mine went to @cakebossbuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @trumptowerny. http://t.co/qseccemtkz 
 still a great time to buy residential property.  the courts are holding up foreclosures.  buy directly from the banks 
 it’s thursday.  how much has opec ripped us off today 
 challenges present opportunities.  always keep your focus and stay calm 
 thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice 
 @teerellz_95   you have no chance 
 @sir_klza  hater danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life 
 @wfdelong   now tell the truth 
 just tried watching modern family - written by a moron really boring. writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. sorry danny 
 @whiskeysam99  .sam you are so pathetic 
 lightweight @dannyzuker is too stupid to see that china (and others) is destroying the u.s. economically and our leaders are helpless! sad 
 is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president 
 why isn’t the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare 
 "age wrinkles the body. quitting wrinkles the soul." - general douglas macarthur 
 i can't resist hitting lightweight @dannyzuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid) 
 @dannyzuker  danny--you're a total loser 
 looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @faithandfreedom gala dinner on friday in d.c. his staff has been great 
 @scottymcd1980 have fun and thanks 
 @dannyzuker danny—let your bosses on modern family lend you the money to play the game.  show courage 
 @dannyzuker you’re starting up again because people have forgotten you. you wouldn’t take my bet but it’s (cont) http://t.co/u61ppidkpg 
 if @vattenfallgroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in aberdeen who is (cont) http://t.co/1kefq9kgmb 
 if snowden was such a hero then he would be in america.  he is escaping justice 
 i've been warning about china since as early as the 80’s. no one wanted to listen. now our country is in real trouble. #timetogettough 
 @scottymcd1980   a round of golf compliments of me: trump national golf club--los angeles.   http://t.co/gcmv8tpihp 
 wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted 
 @lovevictoria   happy birthday victoria 
 @matthewjpizzo  thanks matt 
 amazing… @vattenfallgroup tried to destroy aberdeen 
 @vattenfallgroup has topped carbon data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the eu’s emissions trading scheme 
 the risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision. – maimonides 
 @jhayman2  thank you 
 @roborbobor thank you 
 keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. fill your mind with new information &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - think big 
 "always pretend that you're working for yourself. you'll do a wonderful job. it's simple but it works." - think like a billionaire 
 via @washtimes by @emilymiller: "donald trump says ‘this country is going to hell in a handbasket’" http://t.co/jbefvwgmyd 
 congrats to @barbarajwalters on winning  the @madeinny mayor's award for lifetime achievement! i love barbara 
 with so many scandals plaguing obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. could help him get away w/ all of them 
 belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the french open. a great player &amp; person 
 @trumpgolfla has panoramic pacific ocean views features a 7242-yard public course designed by pete dye http://t.co/gcmv8tpihp 
 please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to diet -- it is a total scam 
 great going to bob kraft &amp; bill belichick of the @patriots on @timtebow.  tim is a winner just like them 
 @missally52 @macys  thanks and great job 
 @tedieballgame @macys me too thanks 
 @rosemarrisa   she will run 
 @donaldjtrumpjr and i on the 18th hole at trump international golf links scotland- http://t.co/ciglkimomv 
 @jbradleydesign1 @cnnmoney @jtotoole thank you 
 @nicla_b thank you 
 yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - babe ruth 
 shirts and ties are doing great @macys--thanks 
 somerset county new jersey swat team- really fantastic people! http://t.co/vbhnnma66a 
 @kevindrako2  thanks just really busy 
 worry destroys focus. – think big 
 china is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including mexico http://t.co/xjtoexbsjh ally 
 a coincidence that the nsa leaker is living openly in hong kong?! at the same time the chinese pres. met with obama in ca 
 @foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data whistle blower hiding in china &amp; no bikinis in miss world pageant http://t.co/owjdb1ps5f 
 via @cnnmoney by @jtotoole: u.s. taps donald trump to convert dc's old post office into luxury hotel http://t.co/btyn9usgyo 
 via @newsmax_media: "robb report: trump scotland best golf course in the world" http://t.co/gzzmnzpx2a 
 @insanepricing  lots and yes 
 canadians: my ultra luxury private plane will be featured on sunday's episode of #mightyplanes on @discoverycanada--don't miss it at 8 et 
 vote for your favorite @missusa contestant --- the 2013 #missusa fan vote at http://t.co/q3onewmkkg  
 canadians: my ultra luxury private plane will be featured on sunday's episode of #mightyplanes  on @discoverycanada--don't miss it at 8 et 
 newsstand sales for @vanityfair run by sleepy graydon carter are down almost 20%. all he cares about are his bad food restaurants 
 i hope everybody goes to macy's today to get donald j.  trump shirts ties suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price 
 i'm in scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the great dunes of scotland announcing the second north sea course - amazing 
 be flexibly focused. focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid. – think big 
 "inspiration exists but it must find you working." -- pablo picasso 
 @sanmiguel_23 thanks 
 @tylerhogan1 you could never beat me at golf--18 club championships 
 @chrissuprun @rjchoppy but didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price 
 we look forward to making the old post office in dc one of the great hotels of the world. http://t.co/6paf5ipaqk 
 i feel bad for all @vanityfair employees. every day at work they see circulation going down as graydon runs his bad food restaurants 
 i've done the largest house sale in u.s. history by selling a palm beach mansion for $100m $60m more than i paid. i love real estate 
 stephanie cutter attended wh meetings with irs chief http://t.co/lhudsypjlc  great investigative work by jim hoft @gatewaypundit 
 remember trump ties &amp; shirts @macys for fathers day--your father will love you even more 
 dress your best. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys tops all male business attire http://t.co/mahenjax8f 
 looking over new york city with luxurious 5 star hotel rooms @trumpnewyork  top dining &amp; amenities http://t.co/09ubwnkhcf 
 via @foxsportsgolf: "trump's protégé earns us open spot" http://t.co/j7ztv8blwz 
 kern county ca has secured $1.2b for windfarms http://t.co/nfaarkcoxj they also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values 
 a-rod has disgraced the blessed @yankees organization lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed nyc. he does not deserve to wear the pinstripes 
 @judare so true 
 @tfore4 our clubhouse on the north sea. http://t.co/pt4jrevifh 
 giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily 
 this just in re: fundanything and producer brad wyman http://t.co/2lu7zqdtfc 
 @brandon_grip thanks brandon 
 @shelleysherwin  wish your mother a happy birthday 
 @glenda_goff thank you 
 @pierpaolomonni @trumpchicago @jonzy1523  thank you 
 @jonzy1523 @trumpchicago  thanks very proud of it 
 @cgroll33 totally 
 pete rose should now be allowed in the baseball hall of fame. the all-time hits leader has paid the price already 
 george steinbrenner would have done a major number on a rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union 
 i can't believe the yankees continue to pay a rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago) 
 @go_onrob   the show is a joke in comparison to the original apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money 
 @dblsolo700  not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the park?  go check your facts 
 likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the african american and hispanic communities. these people want law and order now 
 when it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is 
 sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed 
 according to bill o'reilly 80% of all the shootings in new york city are blacks-if you add hispanics that figure goes to 98%. 1% white 
 thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @stjude. john was a winner on celebrity apprentice and is a fantastic guy 
 my son @erictrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @stjude. he is a really good boy who loves helping kids 
 i will be going to aberdeen scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of trump international golf links-press conference 
 @charleyufarley   innocent of what weren't they brutally mugging people in the park that night? the city better not settle this case 
 @arid93  they should have stopped paying him a long time ago 
 @happyloner   wrong you idiot 
 the two dumbest interviews in history may go down as lance armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world &amp; michael douglas 
 does anyone else have two golf pros—john nieporte &amp; jim herman—who qualified for the u.s. open?  could this be an all-time record 
 congratulations to jim herman my ass't golf pro at trump nat'l golf club/bedminster nj for qualifying for the u.s. open! @usopengolf 
 whitey bulger’s prosecution starts today.  will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials 
 trump: immigration bill a republican 'death wish' http://t.co/buaookshjl via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1 
 via @ thescotsman: donald trump to lay out new golf course plan http://t.co/dq1i7uuwwv 
 via @newsmax_media by courtney coren: "trump: china gets iraq oil; us gets nothing" http://t.co/0xxswunazq 
 congratulations to my head pro of trump international golf club (florida) john nieporte for qualifying for the u.s. open!  @usopengolf 
 @arthurdemeyer happy birthday 
 26000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. armed forces are in total turmoil 
 the miami heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami trump national doral 
 @johnsim96499126   thank you john 
 @ericfranson  that is true 
 @realdonaldrumpf  oh really weren't they brutally mugging people all over the park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous 
 @charleyufarley you mean like buffett kravis icahn paulson and almost all other bigs-i never went bankrupt dumb ass 
 @vincent_moretti   thank you 
 @thomasvanhoutte thanks 57th and fifth 
 @rodmonium91 say hi to your father--enjoy the tie 
 @d4dufour thank you very nice 
 @theronnivp thank you 
 @genevievebyrne @trumppanama thanks great building 
 @sdoocy @broray you always look great on tv even without a trump tie 
 flashback: donald trump answers boy's prayer for new bike http://t.co/dgtrchr5wo via @foxnewsinsider 
 @breitbartnews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty http://t.co/4eixt7o0zf 
 "the chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-saddam oil boom in iraq" http://t.co/9b4fbu7gdy 
 pres. obama is meeting with china’s pres. this week http://t.co/evgjzxfhkd he will get zero deliverables. china laughs at us 
 70 stories above panama bay @trumppanama the majestic sail design is central america’s architectural icon http://t.co/jxpkc2clgc 
 "business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. keep it short fast and direct." - think like a champion 
 never ignore donald trump http://t.co/y7qmudhwmm by jeffrey lord @amspec 
 via @nro: "donald trump eyes 2016" by @woodruffbets http://t.co/v3g1dqq17j 
 @talentedpaul  thanks paul 
 @partylikerlove1 you don't need me--mar-a-lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. if i'm there i'll stop by. congrats 
 congratulations to aberdeen and scotland for just having our great golf course named best new course in world by the robb report 
 thank you to the robb report the best of the best issue for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world 
 @arronj1  find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. then work hard and keep focused. good luck 
 just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts @macys.  go buy them now for father’s day—they’re beautiful 
 ms. goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. they should pay me damages 
 today judge st. eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by goldberg in chicago.  the case is now officially over… 
 @fan_jcena good luck 
 @alecmillionaire the architectural boat tour is great 
 protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – the art of the deal 
 serious stuff-irs commissioner visited white house 157 times far more than sec. of state or defense. what a big story this is 
 @heatherchilders   thanks heather and you do a great job on fox 
 the yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the mets - my great friend george steinbrenner would be going nuts 
 @4geiger hi sara--have a great time 
 @matthewjpizzo  thanks matt 
 i pride myself on being obstinate stubborn &amp; tough.  i think those are important qualities found in successful people. – think big 
 young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will 
 frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us 
 @vattenfallgroup will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense. besides they smartly just left the project 
 one of the many reasons that @vattenfallgroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems 
 little mac miller’s next album may bomb.  he can’t use my name again for sales 
 @trumpcollection’s @doralresort renovations are  revitalizing miami. the new course will be a great challenge http://t.co/c2r5eilsoz 
 the conservative does not despise government. he despises tyranny." - @marklevinshow 
 china has done great under obama. increased private us holdings by 500%. hacks our military &amp; r&amp;d. robs us blind daily.#timetogettough 
 via @newsmax_media: "trump: americans 'desperate for leadership'" http://t.co/ew8mdkzdiz 
 my @teamcavuto interview re: 2016 the need for leadership in our country syria &amp; china hacking our military http://t.co/qxbum8hr9n 
 @christianvaux true--i am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy 
 @thejbrain thank you 
 @1brianpadilla @_boss_talk_ @vanityfair dying magazine 
 @wicz_2003 thanks 
 @cbmcq thank you 
 surprising a future nobel prize winner on today’s @katieshow:  http://t.co/7cn2yzp8mn 
 @cronin_michelle thanks 
 @mitchell_traver thanks 
 @mallorybeck17   thanks mallory 
 @_warrendya_    which one 
 @sarah_e_smith9  thanks 
 is business success a natural talent? i think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck. – think like a champion 
 @yati_isma @tonyfernandes thanks but i receive from u.k. also 
 @murraybrown10  thanks 
 @katdhairstudio thanks but i don't feel like it--work too hard 
 @raffie100  i'll bet you had a great son 
 @amandaphantm no 
 @nyctiggy hi joanna 
 @pastorshanewest  hi to your sons. tell them to never give up 
 military has announced that china has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. china is our enemy.should we offset this on our debt 
 house gop better get its act together.defund obamacare. out negotiate on debt ceiling. form commissions on benghazi &amp; irs. no excuses 
 @timtebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  he deserves to be in the @nfl 
 obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in syria to protect al qaeda islamists http://t.co/dcgp83oxas syria is not our problem 
 the new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  it is another monstrosity a la obamacare 
 @francaselles @katieshow @katiecouric  very cool thank you 
 @jatbwifee thank you 
 @volkermillion pretty much 
 @graemereid1984 @trumpgolflinks  enjoy 
 @chrisinspfld @katieshow @katiecouric thanks chris 
 bringing true luxury to the windy city @trumpchicago soars 92 levels over the chicago river http://t.co/o6ilcr7auy 
 @robbreport best 2013 golf courses: trump int'l golf links scotland. great honor great magazine—thanks!  http://t.co/fcgyn2yh54 
 @onedaddy26 yes 
 i have a surprise for a really special kid on thursday’s episode of @katieshow with @katiecouric: http://t.co/7cn2yzp8mn 
 @jakewittman   happy birthday 
 @lisakaminsky   yes 
 @bollingsballs   but i know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough smart and a good guy 
 @classiced   that's what i hear 
 never give up on yourself. – think big 
 @bomoca thanks people love them (@macys) 
 we have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - milton friedman 
 rt @fundanything in case you missed it check out @washingtonpost story about @realdonaldtrump &amp; @fundanything http://t.co/2lvc2xueon 
 @mandcnortheast yes you can for country's good 
 @austile147 u.s.a. is not rich owes 17 trillion dollars 
 inflation is here.  record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets http://t.co/noj0mgcs2l   bad for family grills 
 @therc3  thanks 
 @matthewlumby @vattenfallgroup no the project sucks 
 @tdragonfly fight hard they are horrible 
 @smickiwench @melaniatrump no beautiful and really sweet and nice 
 @beccapiano thanks 
 via @nypost’s @pagesix: trump researching 2016 run http://t.co/x4sqxecduo 
 @tompuiseux  yes 
 i commend roger ailes for publicly supporting @foxnews’ employees against the obama administration's intimidation of its reporters 
 john menard of menards home improvement stores in midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union?  http://t.co/etm9mxcash 
 who would be stupid enough to invest in @vattenfallgroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25m yearly 
 additionally two executives @vattenfallgroup are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary 
 @vattenfallgroup lead investor in aberdeen windfarm fiasco has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it 
 we spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the world but with hurricane sandy and oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us 
 i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart 
 why is senator john mccain in syria visiting with the rebels- make america great again 
 @travianno   thanks 
 it's 46º (really cold) and snowing in new york on memorial day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now 
 see dummy danny zuker who i never heard until this started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet 
 nation's infrastructure is collapsing make america great again 
 it's freezing outside where the hell is "global warming" 
 @dannyzuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me i'll kick your ass every time-take the bet danny (check with m.f. boss) 
 @allidoisowen   thanks 
 @bvogel56   i never went bankrupt - just like buffett icahn kravis and paulson - as you know 
 sorry folks got to go to work now - but "i'll be baaaaack" 
 @rustinniles just killing time 
 come on @dannyzuker take the bet show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on modern family) that you're not "chicken shit" 
 if @dannyzuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do) he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity 
 the lawyer i just beat in chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @dannyzuker. come on danny make the bet 
 @dannyzuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.he's afraid to make the wager 
 @therealkurse thank you i was dealing with a very bad person 
 @pusspuss09   thanks country is in trouble 
 @dannyzuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal 
 hope everyone is watching the finale rerun of celebrity apprentice on cnbc-especially the haters and losers! it is on right now 
 no @dannyzuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. come on danny you can do it 
 @dannyzuker i hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are 
 @dannyzuker @andyrichter danny you're not having fun you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal 
 no @dannyzuker  just the opposite lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal) 
 remember @dannyzuker  you are not even the real "boss" of modern family - no big $$$$$$'s for you 
 @dannyzuker come on danny are u afraid of the deal (be careful i'm really good at deals) 
 @dannyzuker bigger means bigger dummy you really are stupid aren't you 
 @dannyzuker another racist remark by you danny are you a racist 
 i know you don't like to hear this @dannyzuker but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of mod fam 
 @ericleebow  five great golf courses with the new blue monster currrently under construction 
 just got final renderings of trump national doral in miami - there will be nothing like it in the country will be the best 
 @dannyzuker are you ready for the deal 
 @gingram66 wrong 
 @dannyzucker are you ready for the deal 
 @lukewsavage  and dumb people like @dannyzucker 
 i never heard of @dannyzucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but i have a great deal for him 
 i was just told by a television pro thay @dannyzucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with t-so many flops 
 it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave 
 @julesmattsson   wrong totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this country suck 
 @thejuice59101   i do thanks 
 @forq2  are you making less than minimum wage don't worry the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be 
 @forq2 you're nuts go get a job 
 @hatchetwounds totally wrong dopey 
 @jimmydevito  thanks jimmy 
 great investor john paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons 
 the biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-warren b icahn kravis and this week john paulson-for haters 
 "people do business with those people they like and trust." - ralph j. roberts founder of comcast 
 via @suntimes: "trump wins at trial calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'" http://t.co/pffu09tqju 
 @buseyfoundation @thegarybusey thanks gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well 
 in your planning know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk 
 "if i'd started in business thinking i knew everything i'd have been sunk before i got started." - think like a champion 
 looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @ffcoalition patriot gala dinner on june 14th in dc. flag day and my birthday 
 must read article by @emilymiller: anthony weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt http://t.co/eq9l0plm2y 
 memorial day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. god bless them all 
 wh counsel met with irs lawyer 3x in 2012 once in september http://t.co/zpg14ztjv5 but obama just learned through news reports 
 @tishalewis thanks 
 @resplatt123 thanks 
 let's see whether or not chuck townsend @condenastcorp is smart enough to fire graydon carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants 
 mrs. goldberg who filed the chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her 
 thank you for all of the positive response on my chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. most of you saw through the phony age card ploy 
 @triggerracing  that sounds great--a bad woman 
 @rossweidner thank you! (i think) 
 @benbradleyabc7  true 
 @susiebeatrice1 @leeboggs true they are being decimated 
 @richardroeper yes you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off 
 @arkielad in addition to ripping me off 
 @paul1994loan thanks 
 @vanityfair read this &amp; you will understand why vanity fair is going down the tubes 
 @dietztrott thanks--and great job david--what a great evening 
 @jgy777ph thanks joannah they are sad and lost people 
 i loved beating these two terrible human beings. i would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser 
 jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. filed many years ago she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages 
 the so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer 
 it's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing 
 take a sneak peek into one of trump park avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- http://t.co/mo4qxgv07x 
 i very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in michigan--the people were great 
 @kenkelly08kelly  thanks i had a great time 
 @realsonnynewman  pay attention and have fun 
 @pourquoipas20 happy birthday 
 @sunnyjl52  true 
 scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more) 
 @markeaston777   keep figthing don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life 
 @djloopsfruit  that's because i know him-he's a lowlife 
 @tubby511   they are dummies 
 @markwonderful   sorry graydon carter is a major loser just ask his wife 
 @rassilonsarmy not even close dummy he is strictly small time 
 @mikepassmore   so true mike 
 "trust yourself. create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - golda meir 
 @dawniedeee   hello dawn 
 pervert anthony wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is zero 
 @vanityfair could come back if graydon carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @condenastcorp 
 if the great si newhouse were still running @condenastcorp he would fire graydon carter immediately- circulation tanking 
 via @advisorsource: "donald trump speaks in novi drawing largest crowd in oakland county republican party's history"http://t.co/gszxcz2hqz 
 via @theoaklandpress "donald trump speaks in novi(michigan) draws record-breaking crowd" http://t.co/bqf91zaegh 
 "use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong" - think big 
  @newsmax__media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @chrisruddynmx has revolutionized political commentary and reporting 
 jodi arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon 
 amazingly @anthonyweiner is going to run. the cure rate for his problem is 0. lots of other things will come out 
 graydon carter is laughing at the stupidity of chuck townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @condenastcorp 
 i can't believe @vanityfair would renew graydon carter's contract 
  circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @condenastcorp 
 the lincoln day dinner last night in michigan was fantastic. record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- i loved it 
 @emtgonenutz    thanks tanja 
 one season ends and another starts.  already casting for the next @apprenticenbc. great news for charity--$13 million so far 
 very sad that republican donors were targeted by obama’s irs 
 isn’t it amazing that obama never knew about the irs scandals until he saw it in the news? 
 shock - obama wh given three pinocchios for lying about benghazi emails http://t.co/bnwkxqp4zk 
 @jilltoma  hi amy see you soon 
 @van_in_dc @dannyzuker  thanks van--so true 
 @christinefox02  see you later 
 @dennisrodman @apprenticenbc dennis--you were great--thanks 
 good timing: @traceadkins won big for american red cross last night on @apprenticenbc. now the red cross is in oklahoma doing a great job 
 because of the tornado tragedy i will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. i wish everyone well 
 excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp lincoln day dinner in michigan  all time sales record over 2000.  http://t.co/y5cz946ovb 
 @nic_keller @liljon  thanks 
 @cassandraj0y @liljon  thank you 
 we may get out of obamacare because the train wreck is impossible to implement http://t.co/7l2uthi3jc  it is a disaster 
 everyone should go see @hatingbreitbart.  great documentary showcasing @andrewbreitbart’s legacy 
 @traceadkins- the winner of @apprenticenbc after last night's victory- http://t.co/dighsek1lo 
 @dave_twit29  thanks dave 
 @cous13  thanks 
 @y0landariggins  thanks 
 @denicarter  very nice denise thank you 
 @holly_looya @divermam ok. ben--congratulations on your graduation--and good luck 
 @liljon @amdiabetesassn  it was my honor you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you 
 @melaniatrump @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr &amp; i  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @apprenticenbc 
 @itsyknowsbest thanks 
 @beverly_buck  great enjoy the hotel 
 will be doing fox &amp; friends at 7 a.m. it never ends (hopefully) 
 i love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on celebrity apprentice-all proud of that 
 last night's live show was so much fun. congrats to the entire cast they are all winners!  from beginning over $13 million for charity 
 @inamaziarcz    obama put up nothing zilch 
 ivanka and joan rivers will be working hard tonight at the live finale - everybody must watch the opening at 9 
 @subirchowdhury   how are you - $5.5 million (a bargain) 
 the cast for next season looks really good 
 @rebaforever58   yes 
 just left the set of the apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen 
 how badly will the country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of obama care 
 @leebandoni   thanks lee 
 @lord_sugar  much more than anybody knows dopey much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail 
 @toddfouche1    on that i would beat almost everyone 
 @grege_iom. only in your weak mind 
 @workplayeat   thanks only the haters disagree 
 @craigheff   i don't he makes me money 
 sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and i know he works for me 
 @sarahluvnyc   thanks 
 @subhana_anwar   it's easy just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy 
 @carlyvowell   tell your friends son - you're fired tumor 
 @jedediahbila  tell your aunt she is terrific 
 @omegaphoenix068  rather amazing wasn't it 
 i'm watching knicks game-i'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad too late 
 why didn't president obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! the two marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet 
 who do you like of the final two? #celebapprentice http://t.co/qrwqcrvmxr 
 the live finale of @apprenticenbc is this sunday at 9/8c. watch and see who will be the first ever all-star celebrity apprentice 
 enviro friendly? "ap impact: obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles birds despite federal laws" http://t.co/t1ojqf32zj 
 this sunday’s live finale of @apprenticenbc will be tough &amp; nasty. be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp; @traceadkins fight to the finish 
 people love @liljon! http://t.co/j5gdebmr5n #celebapprentice 
 the sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military. they have failed to stop it 
 just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers 
 @nymag is a piece of garbage but i think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait 
 congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! great going 
 @ccv77   thanks very nice 
 celebrity apprentice will be live on sunday at 9 pm (from new york city).casting has already begun for next season 
 in other words our military has a very big problem 
 unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them 
 i was never a fan of bush 2 for many reasons including the fact that we should never have gone into iraq but once there kept the oil! dumb 
 our very stupidly run country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a country to run anymore 
 many generals and military leaders are now saying "i told you so!"  they say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec 
 general says that the armed forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control 
 army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.what is going on 
 america's top army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.forces greatly hurt 
 @lcbeaudoin   big second amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine 
 @blakemharris   but they are the folks i like the best - by far 
 @joeypiazza   way less - and you are soooo stupid 
 looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what new york city needs - and he will revert back to form always do 
 @chrishansen   good to see you also - i will be watching 
 @a_beil   thanks andrew 
 @trumpgolfla public golf course features spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views an elite attraction http://t.co/myiwkyfivu 
 @dylmyr  go for it 
 @anubisjudge  happy birthday 
 the most terrifying words in the english language are: i'm from the government and i'm here to help. – pres. ronald reagan 
 obamacare is already done. hhs sec. sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation http://t.co/dxow15igez 
 it’s always great to be in business with donald trump said @telemundo president emilio romano. http://t.co/ptrqcwiafl 
 "to be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. momentum is all about energy and timing. " - think big 
 legendary illusionist v. country music star.  this sunday’s live finale of @apprenticenbc is a historic matchup.  must see tv 
 @billingsley29  do what you love work hard keep your focus and your momentum intact. good luck 
 @corte74  it helped 
 @brianspurr not too many around 
 @tbott22  very true 
 @donna_1004 perhaps so 
 @janet_carswell @samflaherty_  thanks 
 @mikefromtn @mcuban @jeremypage3011 thanks michael 
 obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. mitt must be going wild thinking about it 
 if these scandals happened before the election obama could not have won 
 @jared808 @commonguymd @ap true 
 @sarah_bales1 true and thanks 
 @roddy_brown thanks 
 @polotodd804  this is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries i have ever seen. filmmaker mike tollin has zero talent.also-boring 
 @a_beil   thanks andrew 
 i wonder what the next scandal will be in d.c.? can we handle yet another 
 the three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown 
 the "lady" in chicago that i'm fighting owes me $500 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. she made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad 
 i totally respect that angelina jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way 
 @andybarovick   really terrible and a sad day for our country 
 "success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm." - winston  churchill 
 not since watergate have we been going thru a time like this--benghazi irs wiretapping of @ap 
 circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power. -- benjamin disraeli 
 this sunday’s live finale of @apprenticenbc puts @pennjillette against @traceadkins. watch two great competitors battle to win 
 @trumpnationalny is ny's best golf club. a 5 star diamond award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp; top facilities http://t.co/xcgyclqa3h 
 32º in new york - it's freezing! where the hell is global warming when you need it 
 benghazi. obama lied. our people died 
 @liljon once again made it to the final four. a true talent and great friend to #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc. great job 
 @lisarinna did amazing on #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc.  raising over $505k for @stjude she made it to the final four.  congrats lisa 
 never judge someone by their job title. you’d be surprised at the talents people can have. – midas touch 
 my @foxandfriends int. on irs targeting tea party the benghazi death scandal &amp; @traceadkins v. @pennjillette finale http://t.co/yjhbrap2gn 
 @tigerwoods great playing you are the best 
 @steveprecision1  have fun #1 
 i am pleased to inform you that celebrity apprentice has been renewed for another season by nbc. see you at the nbc upfronts tomorrow 
 @leechsam   thanks sam and it's doing great 
 you will love celebrity apprentice tonight - 9 pm on nbc. must watch from beginning - two early firings 
 two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale. don't get angry at me tonight 
 @royschuhmacher   thanks 
 watching @tigerwoods on nbc playing great golf. tiger won the wgc cadillac championship at trump national doral this year. i love tiger 
 @philipmorrow  that would be great philip 
 @chris_l54    thanks chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest 
 @qfivefarms thanks and true 
 @persvanstrom   based on your picture i can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline 
 @mikeluis93 mark cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing t shirts. no strength 
 @lord_sugar can't hold a.candle to donald.trump - he is a laughing stock in great britain (but his show pays me lots of money so i'm happy) 
 the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in t.v. history 
 @african11   but i love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do 
 the apprentice on the other hand has been a major television hit often times finishing #1. even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot 
 @mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television the benefactor. now he is one of many on a modest ratings show s t 
 @brianlynch @durantrandy  thanks no wonder our country is  in such trouble 
 @lennydopkin   i have not run it for many years i sold it a long time ago (great deal great timing). when i owned it a top place 
 @patti0713   thanks patti 
 @nieldi   @lord sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging sugar you dog 
 @maxvayner  your man little jon s(?) can't win he's not smart enough or quick enough 
 @caaataclysm   little jon stewart(?) is a pussy he would be hopeless in a debate with me 
 @maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough 
 @guerrillatycoon  not even close - he is just as you know a very bad copy (who i profit from) 
 @chef_riggy  i never endorsed judd - i'm with senator mitch all the way 
 just left trump national doral in miami - under massive construction - the blue monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built 
 leightweight @lord sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. every time this dope goes on apprentice i make money-too easy 
 it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer. - albert einstein 
 no investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless vattenfall pit. they totally gave up http://t.co/tdodxzw6be 
 whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself money like anything takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow 
 @feksbaby very nice thanks 
 @pennystocksblog you are 100% correct - thank you 
 dummy i'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! use your head 
 @limbaugh is right. watergate is much different than benghazi. no one died in watergate 
 see my picks at @fund_anything at http://t.co/w0mdqpckx4  and giving away money!!! #fundanything 
 i watched @todayshow this am re: @marthastewart &amp; dating. she looks terrific better than ever any guy would be lucky to be with her 
 for all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp; rape in the military (cont) http://t.co/ncdmzrcvw1 
 the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. - peter drucker 
 sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. it isn't pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree 
 a warren buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. likewise icahn kravis apollo and many others have played the game.thanks 
 @menacesocietyut   little jon stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! don't panic jon 
 @jeremypage3011 mark cuban can't beat me at anything. he is one of many on shark tank and apprentice has been a much much bigger show 
 jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  now will it be life or death 
 man we had a great day today at trump tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness 
 sorry losers and haters but my i.q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! please don't feel so stupid or insecureit's not your fault 
 what do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations 
 never think of learning as a burden. it may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning.– think like a champion 
 i'm giving away money- go to http://t.co/uw8lzesvrd . take it from me! proud of the #fundanything team 
 we continue to lose our nation’s finest in afghanistan almost daily. the rules of engagement are costing lives 
 scary. our military is a using a chinese made satellite for north africa command communications http://t.co/054ext5c1a 
 visit @fund_anything at http://t.co/w0mdqpckx4 to see my picks! #fundanything 
 @myfoxny discussing nypd chief kelly’s great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site http://t.co/uw8lzesvrd http://t.co/x9d0somj3j 
 via @cnnmoney: "donald trump gets into crowdfunding" http://t.co/ugussxyto2 #fundanything 
 i just gave lots of money away at trump tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative 
 what a great time we just had in the atrium of tump tower for http://t.co/tslfunnapi. the place was happy and packed 
 i gave away money. go to http://t.co/uw8lzesvrd to see how i'm helping people. #fundanything #entrepreneurs #giveback 
 it's go time! see you at trump tower. i'm giving money away! #fundanything 
 @abaldwin31 thanks 
 people do not assume this but more than anything else i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today 
 residential capital a company in which warren buffett is involved went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that warren buffett went bankrupt 
 i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind 
 i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!) 
 @sportswalnuts   and jon stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing 
 just watched jon stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope 
 @valentino_jimmy   that's cool i agree 
 @realsonnynewman   thanks sonny 
 @chrisharmswi   thanks chris 
 @bobkurlander   thanks bob it is one of the best and will only get better-i will be spending lots of money this summer 
 wow i love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me) 
 is it even slightly possible that jodi arias could be set free-wow what a miscarriage of justice that would be 
 the jury in the jodi arias trial is believe it or not still out. you never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense 
 the generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically c 
 26000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. what did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together 
 mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them. -- bruce lee 
 everyone join me tomorrow at 11 am in trump tower atrium 
 my @gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with obamacare &amp; how it is stopping businesses from hiring http://t.co/2xtuxkvbrc 
 trump @doralresort’s renovations are on schedule.  with such a massive project underway i am watching closely 
 my @foxandfriends int. on benghazi cover up the obamacare mess &amp; firing @therealmarilu  on @apprenticenbc  http://t.co/ekafnpnurs 
 the economy is broken. entrepreneurship is being suppressed. see what i do wednesday 11 am at trump tower atrium 
 tired of being bullied by the economy? i'm going to help people. wednesday 11 am at trump tower 
 keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this 
 26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report) 
 sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret 
 head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be 
 @josecanseco who i got to know very well during #celebapprentice can't carry @shaq's jock 
 "success seems to be connected w/ action. successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don't quit." - conrad hilton 
 now @ronwyden is also concerned about obamacare along with @maxbaucus http://t.co/whnh8ssztz program may fold through its own doing 
 benghazi was a massive cover up 
 via @hometownlife: "donald trump to speak at lincoln day dinner at the showplace in novi" http://t.co/hlou7wfoln 
 @lisarinna is the last lady standing in all star celebrity @apprenticenbc. watch out men she’s sharp and tough 
 the trump organization is honored to be expanding our interests into dubai. the golf course will be the top course in the middle east 
 @therealmarilu was very impressive and is a great person. the all star celebrity @apprenticenbc viewers loved her 
 enjoy celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode 
 "god never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better." --rev. @billygraham 
 when written in chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. one represents danger and the other represents opportunity." jfk 
 looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @faithandfreedom patriot's award gala dinner in washington dc 
 time magazine should name david pecker of american media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that 
 as i’ve said many times before jon stewart @thedailyshow is highly overrated 
 jon stewart @thedailyshow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it 
 if jon stewart is so above it all &amp; legit why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage 
 what’s funny about the name f**kface von clownstick -- it was not coined by jon leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter 
 amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name f**kface von clownstick like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it 
 most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning the art of the deal 
 it's crunch time. this sunday's all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc's task will separate the winners from the losers 
 @roysj   unlike you stupid i became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int 
 always get even. when you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you. – think big 
 how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume. –   think like a billionaire 
 turn to qvc now to watch melania - really good stuff 
 why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans 
 our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500b.  this is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas 
 obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000 http://t.co/qihvtjehiz  $100b of our money wasted 
 trump int'l puerto rico spreads luxury residences a world class golf resort &amp; beach club across 1000 acres http://t.co/kjkxpr8sz3 
 call @melaniatrump today on @qvc  at 5 pm est say hello and buy buy buy 
 my wife melania will be on @qvc today @ 5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. perfect for mother’s day—call in 
 @nikkio  true 
 @marie_marshallx @apprenticenbc  thanks 
 @miamarrazza work really hard &amp; think smart 
 @adb1707 @trumptowerny @thegarybusey good point 
 with boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the miranda warning so early 
  @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. it’s a shame chris’ are even worse. sad to see 
 all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc is down to the five final contestants.  getting fired now is when it really hurts 
 jodi if you're listening make a deal 
 jodi should try but the govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know look at oj &amp; others) 
 jodi arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so i really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets 
 @salefisher - jordan is great 
 @hdiallo   why do you follow me creepy stalker 
 @johnquinsay   when you get bored with others you'll be back (and don't hurry) 
 @axlrose1996   stephen that's right...and someone who is really smart 
 @patrickmendeznv   great idea - did you see their list a joke 
 just took a look at time magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! the sad end is coming-just like newsweek 
 @drake4444444    i never knew but thanks for the compliment 
 @neviah_m  a totally one sided documentary. why weren't the police detectives and prosecutors interviewed? city should not settle this case 
 @craigsj   why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the park? what about their criminal records 
 don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back. – babe ruth 
 via @tvbythenumbers: 'celebrity apprentice' is number 1 among abc cbs &amp; nbc for its second hour from 10-11 p.m. http://t.co/mz8rmp9ylc 
 nbc terminates "the chris matthews show" http://t.co/hgksltwtv5 
 oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  ideally it should be $25.  cheap to produce and we protect the opec countries 
 obamacare is a disaster. americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services 
 fracking poses zero health risks http://t.co/bxsj6mkzgh  in fact it increases our national security by making us energy independent 
 "trump making gop speech — is 2016 in the cards?" http://t.co/6i9uperzyi via @newsmax_media 
 upstate new york is suffering with record unemployment. fracking is the answer. frack now and frack fast 
 via @ap on @washingtonpost: "trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former kluge estate in rural virginia" http://t.co/bc2kbqcfkz 
 see story in the scotsman re: wind turbines- http://t.co/pcts0est7j 
 the people of scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. see press and journal- http://t.co/pvmnllvnrg 
 wow i just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @newyorkobserver  voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in ny 
  i disagree but it's still cool 
 snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of country. global warming specialists better start thinking fast 
 money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy) 
 housing prices are up in feb over last feb 9.3 per cent -remember i told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher) 
 @naunie_b       sarcasm dummy 
 @stiles_dub   @liljon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all 
 once again @liljon has competed at a very high level on celebrity all star @apprenticenbc. he is a great competitor 
 1/5 households is on food stamps http://t.co/ogbefmgzww we must do better. americans need to have a work ethic 
 just left news conference at @trumptowerny with @thegarybusey- people love @thegarybusey! http://t.co/54rg4nmncx 
 congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend 
 @lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings) 
 @colvio117  thanks 
 @dannyzuker  night loser 
 @jonneumeister     dopey i've won them all 
 @shawngarrett   i should have many emmys for the apprentice if the process were fair-in any event it's not my day job.                     
 @realdonaldtrump   windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad 
 @mtshastacola   happy birthday 
 @ivangh   great taste 
 @omgguy18    wrong screen is too small-samsung size is better 
 @vincentyanni   i agree modern family sucks 
 @fakebriwilliams   thank you 
 @danielrobinsmd.   @lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster 
 photo from a recent episode of @apprenticenbc - saying those two famous words! http://t.co/yo6s4az5fq 
 afghan leader karzai has received tens of millions of dollars in cash from the u.s. government- how stupidly is our country being run 
 by scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. great 
 great photo with @ivankatrump and @joan_rivers from this week's @apprenticenbc- http://t.co/lxhgt9q0lk 
 @siegrista  thanks 
 @harry_vickers @dannyzuker @apprenticenbc thanks 
 @richardroeper keep dreaming 
 i just sent @thegarybusey a check of $20000 for his charity children's kawasaki disease . he worked hard and deserves it 
 @dannyzuker don't lie @apprenticenbc was #1 in all major demos at 10. do not lie 
 "one hit wonder @dannyzuker" i notice you are not disputing all of the failures that i said you had. let's talk about it 
 @dannyzuker i'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture you'll never be in front of the camera 
 ‏.@richardroeper- perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! your taste sucks 
 @apprenticenbc  season 13 still #1 at 10pm in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11pm news loves trump 
 "failed show @dannyzuker" season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching 
  but you only want to talk about 10 years later when i still win 10pm in all key demos.@dannyzuker 
 @dannyzuker i hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures 
 failed show @dannyzuker i have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits i have no questions about it 
 next year @tombrokaw should be the comedian at the white house correspondents’ dinner. the only problem is that... http://t.co/52sz6wwhuz 
 the  white house correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- i guess that’s because i didn’t attend(even... http://t.co/8jd8gufluu 
 i have a lot of @apple stock--- and i miss steve jobs. tim cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... http://t.co/hr29kd2fck 
 just out- @apprenticenbc was in first place in all demos during the 10pm hour in the ratings 
 doing fox and friends at 7.00 a.m.  hope you loved apprentice last night 
 did you agree with my decision? #celebapprentice 
 mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #mechanicaldog #celebapprentice 
 great boardroom. #celebapprentice 
 do you agree with the client's decision? #celebapprentice 
 maybe @thegarybusey should stick to words... vs. barking. he’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #celebapprentice 
 great memory @therealmarilu! #celebapprentice 
 boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #celebapprentice 
 what did you think of @thegarybusey's mechanical dog idea 
 team power+@liljon= spielberg?  let’s find out. #celebapprentice 
 @ivankatrump is right—plan b has descended into a state of total chaos. #celebapprentice 
 @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree. #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. do you think so? #celebapprentice 
 looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog. @thegarybusey has latched on and won’t let go. #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey doesn’t need instructions. couch time is more fun. #celebapprentice 
 do you think @thegarybusey will be able to step up as pm?  i know @lisarinna is hoping so. #celebapprentice 
 here’s @joan_rivers. she &amp; @ivankatrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #celebapprentice 
 we have the final six—and @liljon is the last remaining member of team power. he’s done a great job. #celebapprentice 
 @wibwariana    9?.  thanks 
 @core15   thanks 
 @joan rivers comes back in a big way tonight on celebrity apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on nbc 
 @dbradleyri   you are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing 
 i remember when the apprentice became the number one show on t.v. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of nbc  (yankee stadium) 
 marble mouth @tombrokaw asks "why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have donald trump as your guest of honor?" boring tom 
 thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at macy's. they do great because of really high quality at a low price 
 @anon_farmer @peaceliblady   not me i predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  i now tell people it is a great time to buy 
 the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like newsweeksoon be dead. bad list 
 @dogs4peace very cool 
 @masotam   police records signed confessions and more 
 what apology didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? why did they all confess? aren't police convinced 
 @danscavino dan-you are a great guy with a great family-amazing future 
 @gretawire-i'll be doing on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10 p.m. greta is a terrific person who really gets it!  (fox) 
 @jimdaniell30809 @davecentrist true 
 @katietennis1223 thanks everyone loves it 
 @letsbeckrush a one-sided piece of garbage--and i won--big success for scotland 
 @piano807 wow 
 @hrdiva_ny thanks 
 @andreasboos very true 
 @loverofthecross i don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions 
 @mbathani_inc much can be done and it would be easy 
 @alan_ashe no they have no guts 
 @nautilus916 true 
 being true to yourself and your work is an asset. remember that assets are worth protecting. – think like a champion 
 ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. no acceptable reason exists for not being well informed 
 this sunday’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc features the return of @joan_rivers.  sunday at 9 pm on @nbc--full 2 hours 
 when you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - j. p. morgan 
 often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. be resourceful &amp; expect success 
 get ready for fireworks…@joan_rivers &amp; @thegarybusey face off in the board room this sunday on all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc 
 does bush’s library have a wing featuring supreme court justice jon robert’s obamacare ruling? roberts was his prize appointee 
 just as i predicted iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos http://t.co/okssmu20i6  the war was a waste. china is taking all the oil 
 the boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  i am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly 
 looking forward to addressing @ralphreed’s @faithandfreedom 'road to majority conference' on june 13th http://t.co/srgbb058i8 
 study your area of business. all business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing 
 can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @thegarybusey continue to co-exist? find out on this sunday’s celebrity all-star @apprenticenbc 
 to be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. it’s like being a conductor--set the tempo 
 must read article: immigration reform could be bonanza for democrats http://t.co/m5yckpomb2 are the @rnc &amp; @gop suicidal 
 do as i say not as i do.the politicians who passed obamacare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity http://t.co/yr0vshknqz 
 house republicans should be doing everything possible to defund obamacare.  instead leadership is funding it http://t.co/vnksrqocgc 
 @frankibe i certainly did--in spades 
 @afolasoji so true 
 @dbagsloveme i will thanks 
 we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term.  no more bushes 
 @whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures http://t.co/hfu3cd5obv your money was wasted 
 dangerous. while obama is cutting down our military china has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers http://t.co/jjnsryhu9w 
 after tearing w bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. why not? he gave them obama 
 pervert alert! serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a tool. parentsmake sure your children have him blocked 
 weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what nyc needs a pervert mayor 
 via @law360: trump’s $200m old post office project gets early approval http://t.co/w4xbbvfbwe 
 #tbt do you believe- once upon a time jon stewart really liked me? from 2004. http://t.co/zkfpql2llz 
 @mschrock4 i never went bankrupt you dope 
 @abtheproducer maybe obama 
 wow i’m at 2200000  followers but i’d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losers—they’re such a waste of time 
 #tbt at the us open tennis tournament with @erictrump- see same hairstyle! http://t.co/uf8yod2sow 
 @ashley33331 true but the losers don't know that--thanks 
 @debonairo that is true 
 @howardsternjohn @donaldjtrumpjr  no 
 @thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too 
 what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible! #kathyboudin 
 and now holds an adjunct professorship at columbia university. boudin also received an academic laurel from nyu law school 
 former weather underground radical kathy boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a brinks guard 
 @gauravk725   thanks 
 @durantrandy   thanks 
 @pokerswayne  wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me 
 @thesportsswede you are so stupid 
 @daytradersfx  that is true 
 @tatorjuice   wow so nice! thanks i wish i could have met him 
 @hayjayp26   work hard 
 @vattenfallgroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in aberdeen 
 @vattenfallgroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. it’s a failing company. aberdeen windmills will destroy it 
 the sub-station in blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @alexsalmond @pressjournal 
 the council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @alexsalmond @pressjournal 
 the council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in blackdog. @alexsalmond @pressjournal 
 the entire village of blackdog in scotland protested to the council last night about the ugly windmills. @alexsalmond @pressjournal 
 @chadillac107 true and thanks 
 the aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through.  - steve jobs 
 i believe lance armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/oprah—as i predicted everybody is suing him he’ll have nothing left 
 @tokodi1  see trump tower 
 @dpmurphy93 that's true--they all ask 
 by rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @alexsalmond’s faulty thinking on the lockerbie bomber the ad is now on worldwide newscasts 
 do executives at @msnbc know that the business of tv centers on viewers &amp; ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable http://t.co/lxpvsopadu sad 
 my @showbiztonight interview on @khloekardashian @apprenticenbc &amp; my surprising tv career http://t.co/nonklnh5pe 
 watch out. champion @joan_rivers returns to the boardroom as a judge in this week’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. don't cross her 
 can someone explain to me how a chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning jihad while on welfare 
 sen. @maxbaucus has announced his retirement. a major proponent of obamacare baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’ 
 the boston killer applying today for obamacare. he demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. does this include dental 
 as everybody knows but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge i do not wear a wig. my hair may not be perfect but it’s mine 
 i promise you that i'm much smarter than jonathan leibowitz - i mean jon stewart @thedailyshow. who by the way is totally overrated 
 @philstephen the scotland golf course in aberdeen is open &amp; packed—really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built 
 the mother of the boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-i can see the 14 year long defense now 
 lance armstrong just got sued by the federal government-they want their money back-i told you so! what was he thinking when he did that int 
 scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy 
 @ruralbeeffarmer   big pollution during manufacturing and building process 
 @rambofo  great 
 @rebeccaerin_   they were viciously attacking other people in the park-nice guys 
 i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do 
 @doromundo   thanks 
 the central park five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park 
 @bitchforshort  victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these "innocent" boys were doing 
 @gerhardm_com   perhaps but the country is in really big trouble!  i do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it) 
 @ginachaley   they devalue everything stupid 
 @penguin_rob  like ugly bird killing wind turbines 
 the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours 
 wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing 
 @helmjoshua   wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill 
 @jon_fullerton   no the chinese will make them 
 it was great to have @apprenticenbc veterans george ross and @bretmichaels back in the boardroom. http://t.co/hxlpfrfwr9 #celebapprentice 
 north carolina’s most exclusive club @trump_charlotte’s features @sharkgregnorman designed golf course which fronts the biggest lake in nc 
 will @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads 
 sexting pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. parents of all underage girls should block him immediately 
 did the boston terrorists register their guns? no. another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer 
 the dying @vanityfair’s circulation has dropped &amp; its newsstand sales have plummeted by 20.1 percent http://t.co/oxtrgqityu 
 @alexsalmond don’t worry my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate 
 this past sunday’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. an amazing run 
 i’ve always been a fan of steve jobs especially after watching apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly 
 it’s freezing in new york—where the hell is global warming 
 the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - gen. george s. patton 
 in three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit 
 @jamezypell   yes 
 attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - winston churchill 
 if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  you want their respect not their friendship 
 @borland_jim macy's ships to canada! just go to: http://t.co/tsgnyqisex 
 next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture 
 our enemy china is illegally buying oil from our enemy iran http://t.co/hcndc36h2z china loves it 
 will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights 
 @markkcole  happy birthday mark 
 @thegarybusey survives another week of all star celebrity @apprenticenbc. gary is shifty and playing to win 
 in light of boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get 
 sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last in the gutter in their boston bombing coverage http://t.co/69zp6nrmqn @hardball_chris @lawrence 
 @pjkorman @clutchba11er great wife 
 @willowfrantn @belmontuniv great 
 @brandenroderick did a great job on all star celebrity @apprenticenbc.  raised a lot of money for charity while looking great 
 rt @drudge_report: trump: 'is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?' http://t.co/7z4jls4er5 
 the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential pardon—don’t give it to him mr. president—hang tough 
 @foxandfriends int. on how the boston thug deserves death penalty @fbi's great work &amp; firing brande roderick http://t.co/i9fipowvpy 
 the big problem for little @macmiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his donald trump bonanza 
 @macmiller has over 79m hits on youtube &amp; just hit platinum with his donald trump song—screw you mac 
 @thenordicbroad thank you 
 @jaypeemoney los angeles or scotland 
 spent the weekend in la checking out trump national golf club on the pacific ocean. an amazing place!  http://t.co/reilvbo99c 
 @leigh26heather savannah work hard in school 
 me by a lot 
 will be doing fox and friends at 7 a.m. (in 20 minutes) 
 @jbailey1987   yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent 
 my ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @macy's beyond my wildest thoughts! thanks @goangelo and the rest of the losers for mentions 
 what did you think of the boardroom? #celebapprentice 
 george also appeared on saturday night live when i was guest host in 2004. a great time! #celebapprentice 
 george ross and i have done some great real estate deals together. he’s a tough negotiator. #celebapprentice 
 looking forward to @thegarybusey's book of "buseyisms" 
 romance or adventure- what do you prefer? #celebapprentice 
 for you newcomers george ross was one of my first advisors on the original apprentice. #celebapprentice 
 george has a real twinkle about him says @therealmarilu. really? the shark should be scared. #celebapprentice 
 this assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #celebapprentice 
 this assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #celebapprentice 
 george ross could be right—@thegarybusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #celebapprentice 
 @traceadkins isn’t excited about their ideas. are you? #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey is making no attempt to help. is he in buseyland? their team is short on help already… #celebapprentice 
 how stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #celebapprentice 
 i hope you are watching the apprentice...tonight's show is great and brett michaels is back 
 everybody loves @bretmichaels! he’s a great champion and this is where he should be. he agrees 
 @bretmichaels and george ross are back as advisors. good to see them! #celebapprentice 
 @traceadkins presents the nj coast red cross a $40000 check for sandy relief. you can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so 
 seems like the teams are surprised when @thegarybusey comes back. #celebapprentice 
 what do you think of water boarding the boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? i suspect he may talk 
 make the boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. once he is well he will say "speak to my lawyers." 
 don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it 
 i don't know how al michaels could have been drunk and arrested on friday night if he was totally sharp on saturday morning 
 great sportscaster al michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on saturday morning at trump national la. he was in perfect shape 
 if the boston killer applies for obama care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand 
 no mercy to terrorists you dumb bastards 
 can you imagine the boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse 
 bullshit-pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and i built it into over 9 bill 
 @coachclintswan  tell me what were they doing in the park playing checkers 
 watch gary b tonight on celebrity apprentice-some really crazy things happen 
 getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life celebrity apprentice is great tonight on nbc at 9. it will be a full two hour show 
 @nextlevelstoner   great 
 you are right the media is always offending donald trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the boston killer 
 i know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually i'm a very compassionate person (with a very high iq) with strong common sense 
 didn't the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  we are not dealing with an innocent baby here-death 
 when the stupid people start feeling sorry for the boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killings-maimings 
 i hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the boston killer as "the suspect" 
 the shirts and ties at macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass 
 i just won a big court decision (n.y. post) against some character who claimed i owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties 
 oh no they are worried that they didn't read the boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t 
 @piercecorey   great going 
 sorry  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. also fragrance is amazing. go to macy's 
 @lumberportal  that's great 
 @cjdew67  thanks 
 great job by the fbi boston police and all others involved-start the trial tonight 
 is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health 
 read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster) 
 you must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent 
 get all the info  then quick trial then death penalty for the boston killer of innocent children and people! do not be kind 
 @cnn should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting 
 david pecker would be a brilliant choice as ceo of time magazine -- nobody could bring it back like david!  http://t.co/llmjqh2iz9 
 @marlborostan you've got it mixed up.  chechnya is not the czech republic 
 lots of comments—do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others 
 the @fbipressoffice police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. how genius was it putting together that tape 
 these tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. they had help and assistance from other cell members. be vigilant and on the lookout 
 south african tourism north america will unveil its new ad campaign what’s your big 5? on all-star @apprenticenbc this sunday 
 another great shot from the beginning of construction at @doralresort. http://t.co/y8em4fyn58 
 with @ivankatrump and crew at the start of a new @doralresort. http://t.co/nu0vqdmheu 
 being tough doesn’t mean being nasty difficult or unreasonable. it means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up 
 sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities. – think like a champion 
 pervert alert! sexter anthony weiner will be running for mayor of new york city 
 #tbt with @donaldjtrumpjr almost 35 years ago- http://t.co/gyyh07cuio 
 featuring top spa in new york aaa five-diamond award @trumpsoho is soho’s most elite hotel &amp; destination spot http://t.co/tkkliu7bxu 
 @ace_stef great thanks 
 @gabagul_ hi dan and good luck 
 @aclutter51  we need someone 
 @camarrone great 
 amazing!  watch @nhlbruins fans take over national anthem during pregame ceremonies http://t.co/mai1js2k0l 
 one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people. – midas touch 
 the reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  and as we have learned from obamacare washington only makes things worse 
 @lanele123 thank you 
 @unitedcontractf  interesting and true 
 everyone loves @amandatmiller- here she is with @joan_rivers and me. http://t.co/uny6w86gs2 
 thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life 
 w/ spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views @trumpgolfla is the top luxury public golf course in the country http://t.co/myiwkyfivu 
 obama’s $1t+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half http://t.co/jnjrvimw3b 
 druggie a-rod @mlb’s biggest fraud is lucky george steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @yankees would have voided his contract 
 @gauravk725  great 
 @blake1swanson thanks 
 it is terrible that neither obama biden nor kerry attended lady thatcher’s funeral. they would all run to muslim brotherhood morsi’s 
 business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you 
 our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in afghanistan are ending up with terrorists http://t.co/bso3k1pr7l 
 the chinese must still be laughing at kerry’s trip to china.  he got nothing gave them everything and promised even more 
 had a fantastic time at yesterday’s all-star @apprenticenbc press conference with @stephenbaldwin7 in @trumptowerny 
 @kathylooper thanks 
 great to see @redsox win big yesterday. good for boston and the country. yesterday we were all @redsox fans 
 @y0itsbeau well i would make america great again 
 @handyrachet flattery 
 @puffy61 @real_lukashall thanks 
 @dandeloof @mcuban wrong--he started it i finished it 
 @musicbyethan thank you 
 @lushpillai @trumplasvegas thanks 
 @larryrobertwyat our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast 
 @beaumontanthony thanks 
 i discuss yesterday's tragedy at the boston marathon in today's video blog. http://t.co/vu501xhshc 
 with @stephenbaldwin7 earlier today at @apprenticenbc press conference in @trumptowerny. http://t.co/mmyf5yninu 
 @ccade937 thank you 
 @dannyojedaokc  thanks 
 @lesterwge  thank you 
 i sure hope the sexting pervert anthony weiner runs for mayor.  will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated 
 via @financialpost: climate changing for global warming journalists by lawrence solomon (cont) http://t.co/qpg1bwrumw 
 vegas’ top destination @trumplasvegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass http://t.co/ie1in9f9j5 what goes on there stays there 
 negotiation is persuasion more than power. be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from 
 @alexsalmond rt @noble74 i live in aberdeenshire &amp; i'm with you you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) http://t.co/ledwyoihnr 
 @alexsalmond rt @richwaugaman this time i agree 100% i never knew how useless a wind turbine was until i (cont) http://t.co/5z0luko0ft 
 @alexsalmond  rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck 
 @adamjackson73  yes 
 the world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  yet crude is over $87/barrel. should be $25 at the most 
 congratulations to @boston_police @fbiboston &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday 
 via @scotsmandotcom: donald trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle http://t.co/shgl8fufii 
 throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at fenway in boston- boston will be better than ever. http://t.co/oxiwue15ct 
 via @tvbythenumbers:tv ratings sunday 'family guy' &amp; 'the simpsons' down 'all-star celebrity apprentice' up http://t.co/bswtv3ebvd 
 @ascotcarrental  i know adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy 
 it’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to margaret thatcher’s funeral. she was a big u.s. supporter 
 @yazzeruk very nice--thanks 
 @terryvanburen @therealmarilu @apprenticenbc .@therealmarilu will be happy--she's also a great person 
 @oparinde macy's will be happy--and so am i 
 @mrmikeyharrison you will love it 
 @emilyplacido @foxandfriends @ivankatrump thanks 
 @sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @apprenticenbc  i was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real 
 i’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp; sadly he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base 
 @hardball_chris  did you forget about bill ayers &amp; so many others? you should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday 
 @hardball_chris must have the lowest iq on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right 
 we must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (boston) with harsh punishment 
 my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day 
 rt @gatewaypundit: the trump hotel waikiki looks like a lovely resort @realdonaldtrump  #hawaii 
 @therealmarilu is impressing the all star celebrity @apprenticenbc viewers with her continued success on team power 
 despite firing @stephenbaldwin7 in last night's all star celebrity @apprenticenbc stephen had strong overall performance this season 
 in case you missed it my @gretawire interview on obama's ira rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth http://t.co/fmd9eft606 
 my @foxandfriends interview re: @ivankatrump's pregnancy my grandchildren obama's 18% tax rate &amp; obamacare http://t.co/1ocowvfgmn 
 from 10-11 pm @apprenticenbc ranks #1 in 18-49 among abccbs and nbc. #celebapprentice 
 @donaldjtrumpjr  and @erictrump with @hulkhogan  -- great shot! http://t.co/nbgywcndnz 
 will be doing fox and friends in two minutes 
 do you think i made the right decision? #celebapprentice 
 who do you think is going home? #celebapprentice 
 the home of the boardroom- @trumptowerny- http://t.co/rhqpojgrcf #celebapprentice 
 product integration is very important. #celebapprentice 
 i’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #celebapprentice 
 great shots of @trumptowerny #celebapprentice 
 do you know how many years @therealmarilu starred on taxi? #celebapprentice 
 what is your favorite @thegarybusey film? tonight's short film? point break? lethal weapon? #celebapprentice 
 it's boardroom time! does anyone miss @omarosa? #celebapprentice 
 @pennjillette and @stephenbaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #celebapprentice 
 based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #celebapprentice 
 @pennjillette doesn’t like @stephenbaldwin7’s cliché line and stephen says penn creeps him out. do we sense conflict yet? #celebapprentice 
 what would you choose- vampires or cavemen? #celebapprentice 
 a vampire with a day pass?  we are in @thegarybusey land. #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey as project manager... is team power in trouble?? #celebapprentice 
 it’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. i didn’t like having to fire him. #celebapprentice 
 a lot of comments re @melaniatrump vs. milania last week. i think spelling has taken on a new significance. #celebapprentice 
 get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice -- tonight's show is great 
 @adamscott - i am really proud of you adam - i'll see you soon at trump national doral 
 great job @adamscott - you deserve it 
 make sure to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at  9 on nbc. a great show just like the masters.   9 
 @adamscott is a great guy and player 
 @tjwacker. good luck 
 remember save your evening to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch gary b 
 south korea must in some form pay for our help-the u.s. must stop being stupid 
 china will extract much from secretary kerry and the u:s. in order for them to help us with the north korea problem-don't let this happen 
 did a rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow that would be the end a disaster 
 @veivetrose  also true 
 remember nbc increased celebrity apprentice to 2 hours starting this sunday night at 9 p.m. through end of season-great news for app lovers 
 bad break for @tigerwoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-champ 
 what a shame that kobe bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the lakers back from oblivion this year 
 ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from china a one stroke penalty for slow play at the masters(see i can stick up for china) 
 i am on david letterman tonight 
 @bakerjb19 china will only rule if we let them--or are stupid 
 @mannaaeyad i only speak the truth 
 our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close 
 i talk about obamacare in today's #trumpvlog- http://t.co/u5t96fzmnf 
 @lanah11 @ivankatrump thanks 
 @dabg3241 turbines will kill more birds than hunters 
 @truckncargirl @piersmorgan true 
 @misterespinal thanks very nice 
 @robertmccallis3 @alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews @danscavino  turbines destroy environments and people 
 @faithable @danscavino true 
 remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. it will pay major dividends for the next week 
 my performance from last week on david letterman @late_show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 pm on cbs 
 always remember that as your success grows you will be asked for more favors. learn how to say ‘no.’ it is critical 
 be up front and direct with people and they will return the favor. – think like a billionaire 
 where is the president?  it is time for him to come on tv and show strength against the repeated threats from north korea -- and others 
 the only american who has met with the north korean man child is dennis rodman.  isn’t that frightening and sad 
 china controls north korea. so now besides cyber hacking us all day they are using the norks to taunt us.  china is a major threat 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews rt ‏@danscavino                   the photos that they don't show the public... http://t.co/io18z7nm9b 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews rt @danscavino - one would think the photo &amp; caption - says it all.... http://t.co/0nokuuvuuv 
 @trumpwaikiki is hawaii’s top luxury hotel &amp; destination. each room features stunning views &amp; superb amenities http://t.co/osuhx0noqa 
 all eyes are on @tigerwoods @the_masters.  he’s in good position 
 @alexsalmond rt @king_pepp  driving through indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. now i know what @realdonaldtrump is talking about 
 @nbc has increased @apprenticenbc to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 pm est 
 via @australian: "trump empire planning to build a presence in sydney" http://t.co/v2ca9zfph6 
 don't talk to me about bush i was never a defender or a fan 
 i can't believe we are not asking south korea for anything. they make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid 
 @ryanrockefelker thank you 
 @ahmedmallick2 @wwe  thanks 
 @_ajperez @wwe @vincemcmahon i hope so 
 @rodmonium91 probably mark 
 interested is interesting. if you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation.- think like a billionaire 
 mr. president it is time to lead on the korean crisis.  make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child 
 obama’s budget spends $2b making our navy ships algae-powered http://t.co/5jzkm3ost4 the strong world is laughing at us 
 #tbt @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump @erictrump and i 20 years ago- http://t.co/iquwb3mfgo 
 the time has come. thegarybusey will be project mgr on this sunday's all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. must see tv!!! back to 2 hrs 
 @jimmyv3  @wwe greatly appreciate your nice words re wrestlemania. that’s why you are such a respected writer 
 i really liked everyone at the @wwe hall of fame ceremony--fantastic people 
 congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first atlantic division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great new yorker and knick 
 congratulations to @ivankatrump and jared on the big news.  i will have yet another grandchild this fall 
 opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  be aggressive and seize them when they come 
 go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you. – think big 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal  rt @rdowns @realdonaldtrump margaret thatcher never would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities 
 @bklynborn71 @dvorlando  wonderful news thanks 
 @ukwildcatfan96 true 
 @syxxpac1980 @cherish_how  thanks 
 @bogart_ron true 
 @dohaben i will be there soon 
 @mdahgod not much it's too easy 
 i feel so badly for mark cuban-the dallas mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. very sad 
 @jtholder2010  great 
 @realdougclark  great 
 @maggieaveu_a  thanks and say hi to your son 
 @_cassmoney_  thanks 
 you cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - andrew carnegie 
 @yankees kevin youkilis is off to a terrific start. he’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free a-rod 
 sexual pervert anthony weiner has zero business holding public office 
 success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. – think like a billionaire 
 the $200m renovations at trump @doralresort are right on target.  when completed the course will be as good as it gets 
 obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike http://t.co/dhp3l2ddqj enjoy 
 donald trump wishes kristen stewart a happy birthday http://t.co/umn4qpgmhn via @hollywoodlife 
 i discuss south korea in today's all new #trumpvlog - http://t.co/rbd4ihqtom 
 @alxg21  thank you 
 @danst_schwind thanks--and good luck 
 @sandeepsrih @trumpchicago   thanks 
 @rogerbiles @ericlahti929 @nbc   thanks 
 my @hollywoodlife interview w/ @melaniatrump discussing her debut on @apprenticenbc &amp; her skin care line http://t.co/umn4qpgmhn 
 i hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to macy's today and buys some djt ties shirts and suits-and success fragrance-love 
 sorry losers and haters but i loved the great energy in madison square garden during my speech. the wwe thought it was incredible - it was 
 why did vince and the wwe give my speech and segment the most time last night on usa network - because that's what people want to see 
 @broshoban  thanks 
 @riggs_deb 
 @brian_legit 
 @emmyb96 @theellenshow 
 @stephenhcornell 
 @virginiadg @bjjsoulroller 
 @thefarfar 
 with fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at msg. #wwehof http://t.co/vwomjqmmo4 
 class of 2013. #wwehof http://t.co/e3sn5whbts 
 talking with @sammartinobruno backstage- http://t.co/jiyw6tjja0 #wwehof 
 what a great group! http://t.co/nttjawnrnu with @schwarzenegger @sammartinobruno and @tripleh. #wwehof 
 fellow inductee @sammartinobruno and me. #wwehof http://t.co/b3qyzs4ptc 
 here i am with @trishstratuscom #wwehof http://t.co/eru4iewrxm 
 watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #wwehof. http://t.co/nvmu0gffpn 
 family group shot. #wwehof http://t.co/q4kwlrwxi4 
 another one of me on stage. #wwehof http://t.co/fbxho8mwgh 
 making my speech. #wwehof http://t.co/ajinsaebug 
 vince mcmahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in wwe history. #wwehof http://t.co/5vw83b5efz 
 always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #wwehof. http://t.co/ftchouholz 
 watching the show. #wwehof http://t.co/64ck6o78h3 
 @jerrylawler was terrific. #wwehof http://t.co/0pooh6ixwc 
 yea nbc has increased all remaining celebrity apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 p.m. on sunday!  amazing show 
 in today's all new #trumpvlog i discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the wwe hall of fame. http://t.co/6xqmvkimhl 
 watch me get inducted into the #wwehof tonight at 10pm on usa. i will be posting exclusive behind the… http://t.co/tub8uvokyw 
 it was great seeing @schwarzenegger at the #wwehof. http://t.co/h9wczthc4a 
 "pennies don't fall from heaven they have to be earned here on earth." – pm margaret thatcher (october 13 1925 – april 8 2013) 
 it’s tuesday how much has china stolen from us today through cyber espionage 
 @red_head_ed @josecanseco @thejbrain thanks eddie i really appreciate your nice words 
 @thejbrain thanks 
 follow me on instagram- http://t.co/cwnjs0vbpz 
 here i am with @ivankatrump and erictrump presenting the wgc @cadillacchamp trophy to tiger woods at… http://t.co/q02v8ry6hw 
 i just left @trumpwinery in charlottesvillevirginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible 
 don't negate your own power. whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it. fear is the opposite of faith 
 think positively. there are always opportunities. keep your focus and don't give up 
 the new reality. ‘china daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across dc. why not? they own the place 
 margaret thatcher was the iron lady of the west. she promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of america 
 i am very impressed by @dennisrodman. his return to this season’s @apprenticenbc  showed who dennis really is--which is very good 
 my @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report getting ripped off by south korea 2016 election &amp;  #wwehof http://t.co/klres5c1ox 
 thanks @wwe--@vincemcmahon is an amazing guy 
 @foxandfriends interview re: north korea firing @dennisrodman job report @melaniatrump’s debut &amp; @wrestlemania http://t.co/eafwvqxxeg 
 @melaniatrump just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard she was great 
 @angie_ncislover  have a happy one 
 @melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am et discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp; her  skin care collection. tune in 
 i’m a star maker- adrian has continued to receive many fans in @trumptowerny and @amandatmiller is definitely on the map! #celebapprentice 
 the boardroom and @wrestlemania- i'm watching great entertainment tonight! #celebapprentice 
 what do you think so far? #celebapprentice 
 it appears that @thegarybusey is entranced with @melaniatrump- and rightly so! #celebapprentice 
 @pennjillette and @dennisrodman as pm’s- i’m proud of dennis and his performance this season. #celebapprentice 
 the #celebapprentice post @omarosa. will it ever be the same 
 my wife the beautiful @melaniatrump will be appearing… #celebapprentice 
 i’m at @wrestlemania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. i know the episode well.... #celebapprentice 
 dennis rodman is a project manager tonight on celebrity apprentice - watch dennis in full action 
 @apprenticenbc is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @melaniatrump who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor 
 : @realdonaldtrump @helpuserve when we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country" 
 starting next week and by popular demand (plus good ratings) nbc will broadcast only two hour episodes of celebrity apprentice at 9 p.m 
 celebrity apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 p.m. with a great new episode featuring @melania trump at 10 p.m. - amazing 
 my induction last night at madison square garden into the wwe hall of fame was amazing-i met some great people including bruno 
 true america is rapidly losing it's spirit and when that's gone we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down 
 china is pushing north korea 
 when is south korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the north 
 our president must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in north korea. at some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats 
 @billlmu lili will call you - thanks and good luck 
 i'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the wwe hall of fame at madison square garden - a great honor for me and the trump family 
 @ricardohernang  great going ricardo 
 i am doing on the record with greta van susteren at 10 p.m. on fox. we will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest 
 spent full day with contractors at trump national doral - it will be amazing! http://t.co/wv6uybgakh 
 @keiththoms @apprenticenbc original schedule but going back to two hours 
 @jordanknoxville @apprenticenbc starting next week the show increases to 2 hours 
 @gapools either is great 
 @philipmyrer wow 
 @ourcolorado @emilyhoms thank you 
 @blazey53 great good luck 
 @ckmagic32  thanks mark 
 i will be on the record with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news 
 @__mickey_mouse thanks basil 
 @brn2shpfrcd2wrk  okay--hi maria 
 @buzzfeedpsa @lood800  four 
 @trentnanny09 thanks traci. hi to your son 
 the great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure. - laurence j. peter 
 sunday night at 9 pm est will be re-run of last week's episode of celebrity @apprenticenbc followed by new episode at 10 pm 
 this sunday’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @ivankatrump &amp; @melaniatrump together 
 rt @ivankatrump: check out my may redbook magazine cover. very exciting! #redbook http://t.co/xvp4qhz3il 
 only 88000 jobs were added this past march. prediction was 190000. businesses can’t expand with obama care &amp; high taxes on horizon 
 who says the death penalty is not a deterrent 
 james holmes the aurora colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty 
 tell me which is cooler—my induction into the @wwe hall of fame or my star on the hollywood walk of fame 
 very exciting—tomorrow night at madison square garden i get inducted into the @wwe hall of fame 
 jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.a bad day on wall street 
 word is spreading that i got a tattoo - no way i am not a fan 
 north korea can't survive or even eat without the help of china. china could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us 
 i have gotten to know many spanish speaking people as the owner of trump national  doral in miami. they are smart hard working and great 
 your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself 
 @wineenthusiast just awarded trump vineyard’s sparkling reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in virginia... http://t.co/h2cwh8yopm 
 rt @melaniatrump @apprenticenbc: her beauty lives 5000 miles past heaven. http://t.co/edhyw5oupw  thank u @thegarybusey 
 looking forward to @vincemcmahon inducting me into @wwe hall of fame this saturday in @thegarden. #wwehof #wrestlemania 
 i have a gift for my loyal viewers of all-star @apprenticenbc mrs. @melaniatrump debut on this week’s episode http://t.co/edhyw5oupw 
 "the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – anonymous 
 remember celebrity apprentice  tonight  on cnbc at 9. amazing episode - watch omarosa get the boot 
 negotiation: think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from. don't underestimate them. create a win/win situation 
 re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible 
 look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field 
 now ap is banning the term "illegal immigrants" what should we call them? 'americans'?! this country's political press is amazing 
 obama just bought the afghan police $288m in ammo http://t.co/ppw4oxkm0k  make no mistake  some of these will be shot at our troops 
 the purpose of china’s massive military buildup on the nork’s border is to intimidate us. china attacked us during the korean war 
 relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying. – roger ailes you are the message 
 "millions could get surprise tax bills under ‘obamacare’ if they don’t accurately project their income" http://t.co/4bxfma4jxy \ 
 rt @realbhorowitz: @vincemcmahon @realdonaldtrump @wwe my two favorite billionaires 
 video in honor of the 100th anniversary  of the anti-defamation league (adl):  imagine a world without hate http://t.co/lwbuwydxpu 
 we should look to china where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for scotland 
 the haters and losers that assume i was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our president-open book 
 i played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in n.y. state-ask coach ted dobias-said best he ever coached 
 the basketball coach at rutgers looks bad but i had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough 
 celebrity apprentice on tonight - cnbc at 9 
 another freezing day in the spring - what is going on with "global warming"?  good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad 
 @billmoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @nymag (and many others) 
 "free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction." - arthur c. brooks 
 "you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan 
 i ask again how much is very wealthy south korea paying the united states for protecting it against north korea 
 i think it was terrible that tim cook of apple apologized to china. what the hell is he apologizing for? steve jobs wouldn’t 
 in this time of economic turmoil where millions of americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying @billmoyers' big @pbs salary 
 @billmoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @pbs.  here moyers coddles @jeremiahwright http://t.co/egk5t7mrq4 
 via @urbanturf_dc: "trump releases renderings for old post office building" http://t.co/ce5cktapym 
 i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the @wwe hall of fame 
 the yuan hit another record high against the dollar. china is laughing at our expense 
 china has control over north korea 
 with the impending crisis in korea is it a big confidence builder that chuck hagel is sec. of defense? elections have consequences 
 with dr. dror paley &amp; dr. ben carson with two wonderful children at mar-a-lago. http://t.co/iw9h3qa6y5 
 bob &amp; suzanne wright co-founders of @autismspeaks  have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners.  http://t.co/ra4hexknwc 
 be passionate. if you love what you're doing success will follow 
 set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either 
 in the 10:30 pm et lead-in to local news @apprenticenbc delivered a 31 percent margin of victory 
  among abc cbs and nbc in the key news demo of adults 
 "apprentice" was #1 among abc cbs and nbc from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults men and women 18-34 18-49 and 25-54)- nielsen 
 the @yankees should immediately stop paying a-rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie 
 a-rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. a-rod is a joke 
 are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers. give them strong consideration. their sacrifices deserve it 
 sacrificing our nation’s bravest for  ungrateful iraqis = great for china. china is taking majority of the oil http://t.co/u94jvw9pgt 
 @michellemalkin &amp; @buzzfeedandrew: vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine http://t.co/e7b0kydexl 
 the only place where our "border" is protected is from europeans. we educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported 
 immigration reform is all risk for the @gop. their base doesn’t want it and the 12m illegals will all vote democrat 
 today the blue monster is torn up. the trump national @doralresort is being revolutionized with $200m of renovations 
 @higginsane hi 
 via @thehill: "trump warns gop moving too fast on immigration reform" http://t.co/bw5lgugldc  by @joneasley 
 "‘better be careful’:donald trump warns gop on immigration creating ’12 million’ new dem voters" http://t.co/omz1wuytcx via @mediaite 
 winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing. breathing first winning next. -     george steinbrenner 
 @wwe archive:donald trump's greatest @wwe moments http://t.co/yabjuqs07d when i shaved  mcmahon's head in @wrestlemania xxiii 
 my @foxandfriends interview on risk  for @gop on immigration wasting money in middle east &amp; firing @omarosa  http://t.co/cp5lkjpz2a 
 all-star celebrity apprentice is #1 in the time period among abc cbs and nbc in 18-49 and all other key demos—nielsen ratings 
 @alexsalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision 
  than his destruction of scotland’s magnificent lands.@alexsalmond 
 @alexsalmond  the scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie… 
 in standing by @dennisrodman i was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back 
 it was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @apprenticenbc last night—he has come a long way and for the good 
 @south_said  good luck 
 @jimmyfallon regularly features @apprenticenbc contestants on his show. we love his support &amp; he’s a terrific host.tonight: omarosa 
 will be doing fox and friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy 
 adrian was recognized on a disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @trumptowerny. we have a new celebrity! #celebapprentice 
 great boardroom! what did you think? #celebapprentice 
 what do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #celebapprentice 
 @erictrumpfdn continues to do important work for @stjude children’s research hospital. i am very proud of @erictrump's philanthropy 
 @pennjillette has received a star on the hollywood walk of fame— about time! #celebapprentice 
 whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #celebapprentice 
 piers truly hates omarosa 
 ever see @bluemangroup in performance? they’re fantastic. and so are penn &amp; teller. don’t miss them. #celebapprentice 
 agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @omarosa have a communication malfunction. #celebapprentice 
 @liljon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #celebapprentice 
 now he has made his busey-ism into a song. #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey and one of his busey-isms:  art is only the search it is not the final form. #celebapprentice 
 @piersmorgan is back! did i see @omarosa wince? #celebapprentice 
 read about how this hotel came into being in my book never give up—it’s quite a story. #celebapprentice @trumpnewyork 
 @trumpnewyork on cpw in nyc is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #celebapprentice 
 @claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #celebapprentice 
 are people really afraid of @omarosa would you be? #celebapprentice 
 what will happen to omarosa tonight? one of our all time great episodes 
 i hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a great easter! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times 
 so what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight. remember i only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons 
 big night on celebrity apprentice tonight. important starts at 10 p.m. as scheduled but nbc just increased all future episodes to 2 hours 
 have a great easter i love you all 
 no i'm saying that the world is paying the price for china's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! very sad 
 major article in new york times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in china and how it is rapidly growng! rest of world pays 
 china is the biggest environmental polluter in the world by far. they do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity 
 we have tremendous economic power over china if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't! china's economy would collapse without us 
 what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north korea? - nothing 
 north korea is reliant on china. china could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders 
 @gramma421   not recent long term support for the autism community 
 @genaleenolin  thank you gln 
 current @nymag really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate. use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!) 
 have a great good friday and a happy easter 
 find out who and what is the best in your field. identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities. learn the standards they follow 
 achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves 
 wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. it's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own 
 this week’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc features another memorable board room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp; @omarosa 
 everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks 
 take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. remain open to new ideas. remain fluid not fixed in your expectations 
 please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the white house for a national strategy for the autism epidemic http://t.co/wfd6wmf1uf 
 we blow up the famous blue monster at trump national doral on.monday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better blue monster 
 @nymag - new york magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. get it now it won't last long 
 thanks for all the nice comments about the @late_show last night. i enjoyed it and david enjoyed the ratings.  http://t.co/32ygc2aca9 
 adam moss editor in chief of @nymag is quickly losing his reputation in that @nymag has become so boring and so irrelevant 
 employees of @nymag should have their resumes updated. it is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. how much are they losing now 
 terrible economic numbers released today. us gdp only grew 0.4% during oct-dec 2012 quarter http://t.co/i8ptltcmf3 great news for china 
 at the same time go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem 
 practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental 
 @beaumontanthony thanks anthony 
 @maffucci93 true and thanks 
 @themayormatt my father fred c. trump 
 @bigbobscott i will 
 "once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - howard hughes 
 rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock 
 trump signature mattress is from serta - the best there is! thanks 
 going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do?  here we go 
 @agallegos32    thanks 
 @markyoungco @alexsalmond @pressjournal @johnduthie1 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @johnduthie1 just sitting here looking out over aberdeen bay. these clowns cannot be allowed 
  to build a wind farm and destroy this view 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills 
 @alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @gaillorene  ask our canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  and poor scotland 
 @slainsview blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed 
 @dbpresswire @late_show i hope so 
 @jessilin02  fantastic food--thanks 
 @spewrange thanks--@howardstern is great 
 @creelken  hope i do well 
 @brocktonconwell great! thanks 
 getting ready to do the david letterman @late_show  tonight—i hope you all will watch—i think 
 aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be 
 to all journalists look into the financial dealings of scottish parliament members with vattenfall…follow the money 
 less than two weeks until @wwe’s @wrestlemania xxix.  @therock v. @johncena willbe epic! excited to be inducted into the hall of fame 
 @erictrumpfdn continues to do important work for @stjude children’s research hospital. i am very proud of @erictrump's philanthropy 
 @jnorr11  yes--and thanks 
 @nashvillebobby thanks bobby 
 @mistermcflee thanks--and good luck 
 @thedealszone @washtimes thank you 
 @smalltwnbignews kate--all my best wishes to you 
 @themayormatt  interesting and often true 
 @pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the hollywood walk of fame is long overdue. very proud of him 
 congrats to fantastic all-star @apprenticenbc celebrity &amp; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 hollywood walk of fame 
 via @royaloakpatch: "oakland county high schoolers have chance to win $1000 scholarship &amp; meet donald trump" http://t.co/nyatynkz3o 
 last night's @extratv 's interview by @mariolopezextra of gorgeous 2012 @missuniverse @oliviaculpo http://t.co/w00xfiww0i  great job 
 in case you missed it last week's @extratv interview  with @ajcalloway discussing tiger woods &amp; much more http://t.co/2wrbupip0w 
 the developer of the scottish wind monstrosities vattenfall just laid off 2500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties 
 general petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. he is a good man and should have a great future 
 the new selection of ties shirts and suits at macy's is amazing - also available in trump tower lobby 
 i'm doing the david letterman show tonight -should be interesting 
 @genaleenolin   great - call me we'll get you on 
 great piece on extra tonight re. celebrity apprentice 
 sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it's to prepare us for something bigger 
 many of @tigerwoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. now tiger knows who he can count on 
 many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. they don't see all the work that went into getting there 
 when somebody challenges you fight back -- be tough 
 when someone can discourage you you probably aren't determined enough. be resolute. that's what it takes to get things done 
 flashback: hiding evidence of global cooling http://t.co/hnlbb6et6k @washtimes scientific data is cooked 
 via @scotsmandotcom: "trump joins with chandler in bid to attract events" http://t.co/kgqywikplh 
 @seanhooligan6 @alexsalmond this is from someone who knows they are a disaster 
 "donald trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about @omarosa on '@apprenticenbc'" http://t.co/ikbkscttft @today_clicker 
 via @washtimes: "donald trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in cyprus bank skimming" http://t.co/k3lknvub2o 
 and now alex salmond pushes ugly turbines 
 flashback: alex salmond pleaded with donald trump to back release of lockerbie bomber http://t.co/54nrlmvdcy @telegraphnews  
 the off shore aberdeen wind farm site is experimental &amp; has no track record delivering energy. http://t.co/aflacitnl4 @guardian 
 the scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-megrahi for humanitarian reasons.  
 …al-megrahi  was the man who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie scotland 
 @uberburgers trump national golf club los angeles 
 @javi8104 great--good luck 
 @samryzen thank you 
 the radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #eowdc 
 the windfarm approval in scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #eowdc 
 @tigerwoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! give him credit comebacks are tough to do. way to go tiger 
 for all of my many jewish friends happy passover 
 good morning america weather headline for u.s. - "never ending cold" 
 @joelkrautter   very good joel 
 strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam. - think like a champion 
 after decades of our leaders allowing china to steal our jobs &amp; r&amp;d the chinese will ‘overtake america’ in 2016  
 re: china--i told you that a long time ago. http://t.co/s2j9irnfma 
 china’s top academics are working w/ pla in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; r&amp;d http://t.co/t82a4ycpap they are laughing at us 
 obama has now become the weakest potus against china yuan just hit record high against dollar http://t.co/sebqqycpmf  very sad 
 luck does not come around often. so when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard." think big 
 i hope everyone enjoyed palm sunday 
 @kiltedkrew thank you 
 @christalgraceg thanks i appreciate it 
 @crainey777  thanks chuck 
 even the liberal crs is now reporting obama care will cause 200% premium increases  http://t.co/t8k3ub2rjn  surprised? @newsmax_media 
 cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. we owe $17t. think it can’t happen here 
 @jacob_mastro you may be right 
 @dickdarkey @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc  watch next week 
 @michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired 
 @agostinellinick @donaldjtrumpjr very nice thanks 
 @hollywood74 thank you nadine 
 @aimeetruchan @abfalecbaldwin @stephenbaldwin7 she is a fabulous woman 
 @disneycuty @stephenbaldwin7 thanks jennifer 
 donald trump to visit metro detroit in may http://t.co/qxmq5kzmci via @wxyzdetroit 
 uk is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years http://t.co/wjitohw6lm where’s the global warming? @gatewaypundit 
 they changed the name from global warming to climate change after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold) 
 it’s springtime and it just started snowing in nyc. what is going on with global warming 
 uh oh… @omarosa &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the board room in next week’s ‘all-star’ @apprenticenbc.  fireworks 
 via @newsmax_media: "trump at cpac: what really happened " http://t.co/bhwkpjewqo 
 last night’s all-star @apprenticenbc once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. the buck stops there 
 what did you think of my decision? #celebapprentice 
 adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @trumptowerny. #celebapprentice 
 that’s adrian in the elevator— he works at @trumptowerny &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #celebapprentice 
 people ask about @amandatmiller. she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization. #celebapprentice 
 who are your favorites on team power? team plan b? #celebapprentice 
 what team would you choose to win? #celebapprentice 
 let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #celebapprentice 
 @dennisrodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. but not sure about the silver lipstick. #celebapprentice 
 @joan_rivers —i know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator 
 they should have got darrell hammond as the donald trump impersonator. #celebapprentice 
 with @traceadkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #celebapprentice 
 what do you think of @dennisrodman’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right for one thing. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #celebapprentice 
 @stephenbaldwin7 thinks @therealmarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. do you agree? #celebapprentice 
 always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr. they have their own fan clubs at this point. #celebapprentice 
 @stephenbaldwin7’s mother thinks i’m very handsome. now i see where stephen and alec get their smarts. #celebapprentice 
 @latoyajackson &amp; @omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #celebapprentice 
 last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #celebapprentice 
 i will be tweeting live tonight during celebrity apprentice - 9 o'clock on nbc 
 celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc - some amazing things happen 
 @kumite67   thanks brian 
 @charlesrbennett   thank you - a great compliment 
 @realmikeshapiro   true michael 
 @philzentz     thanks phil 
 wow - they are really killing jay leno - let him go out with dignity 
 don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. it may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love 
 via @northvillepatch: "donald trump to speak in novi this may" http://t.co/nruewrd8bw 
 looks like the u.s. will be having the coldest march since 1996-global warming anyone 
 "trump organisation backs community battle against substation" http://t.co/tsewvveldm via @stvnews 
 @trumpgolfla is ranked the top course in the west http://t.co/myiwkyfivu if you're in the area book a round today 
 watching the madness in cyprus? if our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here 
 this sunday's all-star @apprenticenbc features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. get ready 
 @mediaite:"donald trump trashes @michellemalkin on twitter:you're a 'dummy' &amp; 'were born stupid'" http://t.co/gvxu5vibmk @andrewkirell 
 rt @ewerickson: personally i think it is awesome that @realdonaldtrump listens to @dloesch on the radio. she's awesome 
 @michellemalkin @igo4par  true 
 @michellemalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  i don’t see what sean sees in her—loser 
 @jimmymcgreevy thanks jim 
 @sharleneh  thank you 
 when i think big which is often you can be sure i’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for 
 @chrisstackstacy thank you 
 @cbalfer very nice chris--thanks 
 @dafny01 do not give up keep moving forward 
 @michellemalkin you were born stupid 
 @1fos1 pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture. and good luck 
 see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. what’s strong? what’s weak? what’s missing 
 the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - albert einstein 
 there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment 
 life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. i hosted @wrestlemania &amp; then i starred in one which sold most ppvs 
 make no mistake obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. just a disaster 
 problem with @gop is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message 
 according to @pewresearch 2/3 of mexican legal immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’ http://t.co/vfias8bxlo 
 here’s something about donald trump he’s got a top rated show on tv and everything he says becomes a headline.-@dloesch  all true 
 yes all-star @apprenticenbc contestant @thegarybusey is a little out there. but he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage 
 it won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. if you can take advantage and buy property asap. you’ll thank me 
 via @scotsmandotcom: via "donald trump makes plans for menie estate marquee" http://t.co/ktirmdokzj 
 remember the golden rule of negotiating: he who has the gold makes the rules 
 it’s snowing &amp; freezing in nyc. what the hell ever happened to global warming 
 @mcuban  mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the mavs/nets game. next time i’ll go and you’ll win 
 @ianrambally   great going 
 celebrity apprentice on in 5 minutes on cnbc - it's great 
 celebrity apprentice on cnbc tonight at 9 
 the @celebapprentice will be broadcast tonight on @cnbc at 9 pm 
 haters stop saying i went bankrupt it is not so. i never went bankrupt 
  but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage 
 for the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals 
 almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool 
  icahn kravis apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt 
 people buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals 
  it is very effective and a commonly used business tool 
 why do the losers &amp; haters always say i wear a wig when they know i don’t.  like it or not it’s all mine—just ask barbara walters 
 @martinfagervik  win 
 @realhotwaffles thanks 
 @chrisr52 happy birthday christine 
 @balloon_69 @afchaywards  good luck 
 @miawesbrooks @dcexaminer very nice 
 @mscattitude1 @apprenticenbc great and thanks 
 @nycal821 @nbc @celebapprentice thanks cheryl 
 my shirts ties &amp; suits (and fragrance success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out macy’s now—beautiful new selection 
  @omarosa is smart and strategic. people should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @apprenticenbc 
 @iklemieux @therealkiyosaki  thanks--and good luck 
 shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @foxnews is factual http://t.co/4vv5vzpavj  what a surprise 
  @wwe’s @wrestlemania xxix less than 3 weeks away.  looking forward to being inducted into the hall of fame 
 @t_thabane happy birthday 
 the nfl has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  what is happening to the sport? the beginning of the end 
 playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun 
  that’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course. – trump 101 
 @dolehnyc quite nice thanks 
 @bburt2367 trump by far 
 @chesterstarr @hardball_chris chester--unreal 
 board room finale of this week’s all-star @apprenticenbc will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…it's great 
 it’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. no one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free 
 @fatmaemadi thank you 
 @jaynielea thanks jaynie 
 @jcfields13  thanks jason 
 @yokoono john was great--everybody misses him. best wishes 
 @nbc just announced that all 1 hour @celebapprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do 
 donald trump takes on apple @cpacnews http://t.co/gmk9tebx7r via @kmbznews 
 i remained strong for @tigerwoods during his difficult period. he rewarded me (and himself) by winning at trump national doral 
 @southjerseymag according to the pros just named trump national golf club philadelphia the #1 private club. thanks 
 @hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb 
 @tinaclean yes and best wishes 
 @mandmpanelbeat thanks and good luck 
 @c_hanson800   hi chris 
 "you can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much."  the art of the deal 
 @marcphelan thank you 
 @wusongtweet thanks wusong 
 @mike_hamilton69 thanks michael 
 @asiandave89 thanks david 
 @thesethfriend thanks seth 
 @ashonair101 thanks metalchick 
 @jrocco_96 @mcuban i have none 
 @emilyplacido @mcuban emily--true and thanks 
 @mcuban  mark okay with me but don't start your bullshit again 
 passion motivates. passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. passion can also create business opportunities 
 "donald trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the white house tours." http://t.co/48iacr3ysc 
 congratulations to @likud_party mk @dannydanon on being offered deputy defense minister of idf by @israelipm @netanyahu 
 if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate then it’s time to think big and plan your next step… 
 @hayesrutherford yes and thanks 
 @cforcolby hi colby 
 10 yrs ago today the iraq war began. 4485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. iran will soon control iraq &amp; its oil 
 amnesty is suicide for republicans.not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote republican.obama is laughing at @gop 
 @rnc report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. short on ideas. just giving excuses to donors 
 "one of the most obvious lessons on @apprenticenbc is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - think like a champion 
 does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players 
 why do shows have @ananavarro—ntl hispanic chair for the losing mccain ’08 &amp; huntsman ’12.  she’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes 
 sorry folks but donald trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban 
 @jrkirk22 thanks 
 @beaumontanthony thanks anthony 
 @__jibz true 
 @ilpostio  that's why i'll never be pope 
 all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. more and bigger coming… 
 it was just announced that @erinburnett won’t be going to mornings on cnn. @outfrontcnn just made a wise decision 
 @sarahpalinusa did a great job @cpacnews. much of what she said was plain old "common sense." 
 @hardball_chris became a super liberal obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @msnbc that’s the way it is 
 "americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of obamacare." http://t.co/bx39mecqff via @newsmax_media 
 @erinburnett should have stayed at cnbc—she was never smart but people liked her. @outfrontcnn jeff zucker’s got problems 
 for beauty and flight i’ll take the @boeing 757 over the @boeing 787 any day 
 l still think @boeing should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. those batteries will always be a problem 
 it was great having @arseniohall back on this week's @apprenticenbc! http://t.co/2r9pai8ui6 
 @erinburnett’s @outfrontcnn ratings are so pathetic she even loses to @hardball_chris at 7pm which is replay of 5pm http://t.co/qzh8pjzkgg 
 via the hindu @businessline: "realty brand donald trump’s india venture to sport desi tag" http://t.co/a4lmkjmhmi 
 i don’t like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. it’s not pope-like 
 @hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and i know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in washington 
 re: cpac the crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do 
  to help mcconnell who spoke right after him.@breitbartnews 
 i was sorry to decline headlining the reagan dinner last saturday due to a prior business commitment. pres. reagan was one of the greats 
 @rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my cpac speech. hour 3 in friday's show 
 be weak on immigration and ensure democratic victory 
 @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough 
 but @mcuban is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game 
 @dennizenx   thanks 
 @doyle5smom  thanks 
 @niecey911logan  thanks 
 @billdaley1   true 
 @mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. he's just a weak man with a big mouth 
 who is going to get iraq's oil 
 bombings all over iraq today.that country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and i told you so!) 
 @jackvoices   you are correct but he is so easy 
 @mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also 
 golf match? i've won 18 club championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. mark's a loser 
 @katysutherland6   great 
 @byoppjr   we just blew it up dummy 
 @arseniohall    you were fantastic last night on celebrity apprentice - everybody loved you 
 @davidmcclain328    thanks 
 @roannasweet  not even close 
 @bearmntn  but i like picking on losers 
 @borland_jim  great 
 @kalevans    great 
 @donaldjchump   stupid they tried that with the benefactor and mark went splat 
 @roannasweet   not even close dopey 
 @cleggermeister  thank you 
 @reederjosh   you are right he is a total joke - his players laugh at him 
 @dan_kir96  dan because i love beating lowlifes 
 @hrdiva_ny  thanks tanja 
 @babyguts666   thanks 
 apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks 
 leverage: don’t make deals without it. – the art of the deal 
 is anthony weiner also delusional? add him to ny sex offender list instead 
 sexual pervert &amp; deviant anthony weiner is polling to see if he can run for nyc mayor 
 great article by @jameshohmann @politico explaining why @karlrove was biggest loser @cpacnews http://t.co/qhnym5ajpg james is sharp 
 @dallasmavs is 1-12 against the western conference’s top four seeds after sunday’s loss &amp; @okcthunder swept the season series 
 why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11th place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? really unprofessional 
 via @realitytvworld: "la toya jackson fired from 'all-star celebrity apprentice' by donald trump" http://t.co/ggm0aolizu 
 new @rnc report calls for embracing comprehensive immigration reform. http://t.co/0koua0ttcj does the @rnc have a death wish 
 the blue monster is being torn up at trump @doralresort. on april 1 i go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens 
 @tpnntweets "donald trump tells a fascinating inside story about his dealings w/ the obama wh" http://t.co/6s8azxmjrp @johnhawkinsrwn 
 @dloesch played great audio from my @cpacnews press conference on her radio show.  glad she made it 
 via @wtcommunities: "donald trump to cpac: romney 'didn't talk enough about success'"  http://t.co/4usybfznyu by @huizingadanny 
 scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—i will tie them up in courts for years if necessary 
 vattenfall ceo stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market 
 vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of aberdeen scotland is having serious financial difficulty 
 via @politicalticker: trending: trump a right-leaning tower at cpac http://t.co/xy0h0lw4mx by @killoughcnn 
 trump hits back at chris matthews’ birther rant: ‘he used to be a much more intelligent man’" http://t.co/bblm1jymlr  @madeleineblaze 
 via @dailycaller: "donald trump: obama should golf w/ republicans not his ‘local friends’" http://t.co/4y6ifsi4bn by @nicholasballasy 
 if @omarosa is not in the board room i can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake 
 "trump at cpac: 'we have to get the momentum back'" http://t.co/jor15wfw1x via @wsj's @wsjvideo 
  @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal my #cpac2013 speech @realbencarson &amp; firing @latoyajackson http://t.co/ebcgzem7kf 
 all-star celebrity apprentice ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among abc cbs and nbc with a season-high 19% margin 
 @kevin_johnson68 @trapasso2501  trump tower is open to the public 
 via @nro:trump @karlrove ‘most overrated man in politics’responsible for ashley judd’s rise http://t.co/1kgjsu3kjh @elianayjohnson 
 via @cbnnews:"exclusive: backstage interview w/ donald trump at cpac" http://t.co/ladvr3t7dj by @thebrodyfile great seeing you david 
 i will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #celebapprentice 
 true @thegarybusey is a scene stealer without trying. he’s got a gift. #celebapprentice 
 @dennisrodman re @omarosa is right she’s becoming predictable 
 @omarosa is not winning points being called the wicked witch of the mid-west and most certainly other things. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa’s new name via @dennisrodman: ms. saboteur sounds rather elegant. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on team power’s presentation—but it’s not show time yet. #celebapprentice 
 @latoyajackson informs @arseniohall  that @omarosa is a conniving witch—is he surprised? are we surprised? #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa is a bit toxic per @brandenroderick. being a bit pc? #celebapprentice 
 there’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp; @omarosa disrespectful? who is being disrespectful? #celebapprentice 
 music cues audience participation sounds like a very active team power. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa on the cover of soap opera digest? that’s a credential… #celebapprentice 
 and happy to welcome @arseniohall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #celebapprentice 
 @traceadkins is back—good news for plan b. #celebapprentice 
 the paley center for media is a great place to visit when you’re in nyc. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40000 to michael’s charity the sue duncan center. #celebapprentice 
 great line from @thegarybusey:  i am an angel in an earth suit. do you agree? #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @dennisrodman thinks she could be an oscar winner for that performance… #celebapprentice 
 the tournament at trump national doral was much more exciting than what is going on now 
 i'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9pm et re:@apprenticenbc. don't worry other time zones i will give nothing away 
 @annika59    annika - thanks you are the greatest - we all adore you 
 best ratings for the dateline show were for six months not two months 
 @deviousdoll82 it's endometriosis awareness month-176 million women suffer from this disease 
 just won the club championship at trump international golf club in palm beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a c.c 
 last weeks dateline which i hosted was the highest rated dateline since january 
 don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc - great episode 
 wow-record ratings for wgc cadillac championship at trump national doral's blue monster-most watched in seven years. congrats to@tiger woods 
 huff post "his early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on thursday" and packed by end! the facts 
 thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth 
 honest reporters stated that the prayer breakfast was going on during my cpac speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines 
 i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there - it was great fun 
 why can't the media tell the truth - we would all be so much better off 
 trump to cpac: build a great economy http://t.co/bvf89yzofj via @breitbartvideo 
 rt @drudge_report: trump stumps... http://t.co/od9nfmqbpd 
 "donald trump cpac speech: u.s. is run by 'very stupid people'" http://t.co/o2jlkmonnh via @huffpostpol by @elisefoley 
 via @breitbartnews: exclusive: trump smacks back against media attacks on cpac speech  http://t.co/oidzhoqa6i by @mboyle1 
 "cpac 2013: donald trump: immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for gop" http://t.co/wdmljcxzll by @sethmclaughlin1 
 "the donald goes to cpac: tv star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of america" http://t.co/zdbxgxbi5r by @kredo0 
 donald trump: the view will be better without joy behar (video) http://t.co/wrblcvngly via @gatewaypundit 
 via @breitbartnews: "trump to republicans: 'play the debt ceiling card'" http://t.co/5ye8vd0hrq by @joelpollak 
 for accurate reporting of my @cpacnews speech read @politicalticker @newsmax_media @politico @huffpostpol 
 @dailycaller @breitbartnews @drudge_report &amp; @gatewaypundit 
 @jheil at @nymag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. a total obama flunky &amp; hack 
 boring &amp; failing @nymag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @danamira write a totally false report about me today 
  he knows i don’t respect him 
 via @dailycaller: "trump on obama and congress: ‘lock them up’ in a room like vatican conclave" http://t.co/tug50qvuni by @nicholasballasy 
 via @newsmax_media: trump: @karlrove ‘the most over-rated man in politics’ http://t.co/m80ddofjrf 
 i watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- i just loved watching them lose 
 press conference after cpac speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters 
 the cpac speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. i really enjoyed it 
 when you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big 
 "in the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - alexander hamilton 
 @mcuban has less tv persona than  any other person i can think of. he’s an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people 
 those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece) 
 there’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks 
 obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp; for the 1st time house &amp; senate delivered budgets before him http://t.co/pn2wpkyail 
 cpac attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my @cpacnews start at 7:00am outside the potomac ballroom. make sure to get there early 
 really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # cpac2013. i look forward to it 
 via @espn: @dallasmavs most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the west http://t.co/0asxzajop1 
 when @mcuban had his own show the benefactor it totally bombed 
 i love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named shark tank—but he is just a small part of that show 
 interview w/ @andreatantaros discussing my wh tour offer @karlrove's terrible ads &amp; ashley judd's candidacy http://t.co/1be8kyfhqm 
 good move by @msnbc in downgrading @wegoted to a dead weekend spot. this is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv 
 @trader_greg  thanks 
 @rickstone1282 @yankees thanks rick 
  @barbarajwalters made a great decision in firing @joyvbehar from @theviewtv. the show will be better without her 
 "donald trump explains celebrity feuds: 'i speak the truth'" http://t.co/lxipl5mf2g via @digitalspyus 
 congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope francis i to lead the catholic church. people that know him love him 
 to show you how shallow politicians can be many are jealous of my @cpacnews speaking slot &amp; also their fellow republicans! not good 
 the dc press corps is obsessed with my @cpacnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45am in the potomac ballroom. can't blame them 
 wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all wh tours "obama backtracks on decision to cancel all white house tours  
  do i get the credit for this? thank you!http://t.co/a6sq5zhpe9 
 dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to mar-a-lago last night on leno. it never happened—i don’t talk that way 
 @dennisrodman thank you dennis 
 congrats to @erictrump and @laraleayunaska on a great five years 
 i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night - what a jerk 
 celebrity apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on cnbc 
 @kevconnorsespn. great and good luck 
 you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why. – midas touch 
 do your homework. wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression 
 according to new wpost-abc poll obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy 
 in making any decision you need all the facts. but after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut 
 best of luck to my good friend derek jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @yankees captain is a warrior &amp; winner 
 @annamplf  the art of the deal and think like a champion would be helpful 
 @lukedonald you are so good and so talented that i have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "new" blue monster @doralresort 
 @cpacnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. really an honor. can’t wait to see everyone 
 the sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. why can’t the wh re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #openourwh 
 lines for my @cpacnews address start at 7:00am outside the potomac ballroom. acu has asked that you get there early. #cpac2013 
 via @politico: "donald trump to get more cpac time than marco rubio" http://t.co/tmaqy6eul0 @cpacnews knows how to prioritize 
 @heyavampirebat good idea--i wish him luck 
 @vcross8 agreed they're doing a great job 
 it’s sad that the wh is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. doesn’t have to be.  wh should take my offer 
 "obama spurns trump offer to foot white house tours" http://t.co/srmozoijsw via @newsmax_media 
 @msmarjc thanks mary 
 @hrtbrknomore74 thanks and good luck 
 @karlbstumpf yes and thanks 
 @grantgphoto my best wishes 
 help save the lives of our troops.our #vets suffering from tbi/pts need treatment @makeitvisible donate to http://t.co/dmublivfxp 
 help fight autism--go to http://t.co/qlmcf48awb  website for http://t.co/mqewjcnir3 donations &amp; government activation 
 autism speaks head up by bob &amp; suzanne wright does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! to help: http://t.co/qlmcf48awb 
 @paulteutulsr. thanks paul - we miss you 
 @rantanrave @cpac thanks 
 @peruvianmuse @cpacnews  great 
 @hammerleamanda @therealkiyosaki  thanks--and good luck 
 @jeffzephir thanks jeff 
 "if you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big 
 ashley judd's candidacy was created by karl rove's terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running 
 the ads made her look great and now she probably will run 
 "be a yardstick of quality. some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - steve jobs 
 whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business. – midas touch 
 hamas has warned pres. obama not to visit the temple mount during his trip to israel http://t.co/c3drlo8wcs 
 @gllleymon900000 thanks spence 
 @wilsonleeflores thanks wilson 
 a note from the fabulous mark burnett:  donald congratulations again we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. i am tweeting about it 
 my @cpacnews speech is scheduled friday at 8:45am in the potomac ballroom. will also be telecast live on cspan &amp; cable news networks 
 congratulations to @newyorkobserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. great paper under amazing management 
 glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesn’t back down from sharing her views 
 all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continues to dominate the sunday 10pm slot in every key demographic. still hot after 13 seasons 
 via @nro: "palin trump get longer speaking slots at cpac" by @katrinotrinko http://t.co/olxqytp6dz 
 via@politicalwire: "trump offers to fund white house tours " http://t.co/qrsqk5of7f 
 via @newsmax_media: "trump says he’ll foot bill for white house tours" http://t.co/yf8blvnfdn 
 "a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - albert einstein 
 re: ashley judd: keep @karlrove away. he already made her a viable candidate 
 our economy has had worst recovery under obama since the depression. results of his policies speak for themselves. no new taxes 
 @graeme_mcdowell  great playing this weekend. you are a true winner. we look forward to having you back to trump national doral 
 really looking forward to my address @cpacnews this friday morning at 8:30. will stress jobs etc. can't wait to see my many friends 
 according to new employment numbers 296000 americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work 
 between a terrible press conference mishandled prisoner swap &amp; taliban attacks hagel's 1st trip as sod was a disaster. no surprise 
  @deesnider is a great guy &amp; a total winner! he understood - he did not leave me any other choice. look forward to keeping in touch 
 @brandenroderick brande-- thank you! you have been a pleasure to work with 
 to @tigerwoods  he is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at trump national doral. @doralresort #trump 
 if you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. now put the foundations under them. thoreau 
 my @foxandfriends int. re: tiger’s victory at trump @doralresort 's @cadillacchamp my wh tour offer and cpac http://t.co/0o5h4fufvu 
 @celebapprentice was #1 on network tv last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics 
 let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate.--john f. kennedy inaugural address january 1961 
 the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out 
 re my hair-should i change it? what do you think 
 it's true... dennis is really into this-very animated. i have never seen him this way before 
 which team is your favorite 
 re omarosa: nasty tough or smart...or all 
 does anyone agree with marilu that gary while 'adorable' is a distraction 
 omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation 
 next she says she's being set up by omarosa to fail....is somebody confused 
 what?!  latoya is saying omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met 
 on the whole the teams seem to be working well together. no wars...yet 
 gary as the cat in the hat? he can work it out 
 what do you think of gary's definition of    f-u-n 
 trace delivers check to hospital in nyc:  american red cross must be grateful to trace and his team for their tremendous work 
 honest omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front 
 which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment 
 my 757 is incredible-i think the teams agree on that 
 will team power be able to withstand omarosa as pm? smooth sailing is not expected 
 will plan b miss trace 
 firing bret was a tough one for me-but omarosa doesn't seem to mind 
 omarosa always promises and delivers high drama 
 trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  looks like a good season for charities 
 there's definitely no love lost between piers and omarosa 
 bret had a target on his back from the get go 
 that was some episode last week-we've got a great cast 
 i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et 
 i'm at trump doral right now tiger will tee off shortly 
 how much is south korea paying the u.s. for protection against north korea???? nothing 
 get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day 
 resolve to be bigger than your problems. who’s the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith 
 acu announces donald trump to address cpac 2013 http://t.co/mzmsh6vzfq via @cpacnews 
 surprise – china has spies throughout nasa stealing our r&amp;d http://t.co/e3mjoud1mu when will we ever make them pay for espionage 
 @ziggi92  good luck 
 follow trump @doralresort’s wgc @cadillacchamp leadership board here at @nbc's @golfchannel http://t.co/2pka1vmdbz 
 rt @doralresort: thanks! rt @gem3wood: @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament 
 @axelpals be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not initially a group effort. keep your focus. read midas touch 
 via @miamiherald: "donald trump aims to bring luxury to doral golf resort &amp; spa" http://t.co/fuzujcyrsn @doralresort 
 make sure to tune in to all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc this sunday at 9pm est for another round of fireworks and surprises 
 you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. think big but be realistic. – think big 
 golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. concentrationassessment technique &amp; passion...it's all there 
 @melpoluk  good luck 
 @hallmarr hi hallmar 
 @jaw44444 @celebapprentice agree--thanks 
 @savvy_princess  thanks becky 
 @melpoluk. great 
 via @newsmax_media: trump to speak at cpac http://t.co/j4k5genpd0 @cpacnews #cpac13 
 via @usatodaysports: last year it was tiger woods with the walk-off http://t.co/dzdvb95ztf @cadillacchamp @doralresort #trumpdoral 
 the wgc @cadillacchamp leadership board is available here: http://t.co/laglnjauid @doralresort 
 via @si_golf: donald trump rory mcilroy and matt kuchar are guys to watch at @doralresort http://t.co/zck6hlt2tn @cadillacchamp 
 image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product. – midas touch 
 notice the first word in my think big credo: think = the 1st step. use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity 
 re: decisions:  cover your bases then ask yourself this question: "what am i pretending not to see?" this can save a lot of time &amp; trouble 
 @a123r7o  thanks good choice &amp; good luck 
 @smk4ye  good goal 
 @pabloraffaele  good thing to remember 
 @brad_mcmichael @doralresort @nbc @golfchannel @cadillacchamp  thanks brad 
 @morning_joe - wow - "ticket sales go through the roof after trump asked to speak at cpac" 
 @kstan500. good luck 
 @joelalbright1. great 
 @sadatdm. thanks 
 go to trump national doral miami and watch tiger phil ernie rory and all of the other great players compete in the wgc cadillac champ 
 i don't know why but i feel so sorry for dummy reporter john heilemann when i watch him on television 
 john heilemann the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess 
 "trump has big plans for improving @doralresort" http://t.co/ocgx6p1afv via @nbc's @golfchannel @cadillacchamp 
 @lovitt_marisa good to hear enjoy 
 @raul_esquire  thanks raul 
 @rcmillershow thank you 
 @jlynn_12  thanks jessica 
 @xo_deannayoung good subject good luck 
 my interview w/ @nbc6 re: @cadillacchamp &amp; my $200m of future renovations invested in trump @doralresort http://t.co/qm7zpaias2 
 it’s been great making so many new friends at trump @doralresort for the @cadillacchamp. good luck to everyone 
 @somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. make sure @marklevinshow watches 
 via @breitbartnews @biggovt: "donald trump to speak at cpac" http://t.co/8suoqd2sq6 by @michaelpleahy 
 rt @mollycbraswell: what?! @realdonaldtrump is speaking at #cpac2013? this conference just became like a hundred times more awesome 
 via @golfweekmag: "major makeover: trump has big vision for doral" http://t.co/knonn3fjpa by @bkleingolfweek 
 via @foxsports: "trump 'blowing up' @doralresort after wgc-@cadillacchamp" http://t.co/vjhtx9cxjz by @ap 
 dateline nbc featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder nbc likes me so much! @nbc 
 without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. get your momentum going-- and keep it going 
 it was just announced that @macmiller’s song donaldtrump went platinum—tell  mac miller to kiss my ass 
 building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. the bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be 
 @crewsawyer it will be fantastic--be sure to visit 
 @homeedmam i wish him the best of luck 
 rt @cpacnews: acu announces @realdonaldtrump will be a featured speaker at #cpac2013!  get tickets today at http://t.co/dtcbf2iwsl 
 via @washingtonpost:"donald trump will speak at cpac"by @rachelweinerwp http://t.co/j9cic54zuu @cpacnews @alcardenasacu @rgreggkeller 
 it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013. they are all about what's good for america 
 @mike_kelly1  thanks michael 
 @theevangruver thanks evan and good luck 
 it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose 
 when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others. – think like a billionaire 
 ernie els and myself at trump national doral. http://t.co/3hrwog6im9 
 @wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @zak_bagans  happy birthday tiffany 
 just arrived at trump national doral saying hello to all the great players. this place is amazing.come thursday &amp; see for yourselves 
 the formula of knowledge: the best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry 
 @kennybud  if you love what you're doing motivation is never a problem 
 @laurierobertson it will be fantastic! be sure to visit 
 remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal 
 @scheekster  i agree it's a beautiful course to play. thanks 
 @svenisaksson thanks sven and good luck 
 rory tiger phil and ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at trump national doral 
 heading to trump national doral to check the progress prior to the start of the cadillac championship on thursday. i’ll be there all week 
 despite previous tweet dennis rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) http://t.co/hwrvkgudc1 
 to show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny &amp; (cont) http://t.co/tje9xzadbz 
 for those of you defending bret and saying omarosa should go remember bret chose o which could also be considered a big mistake 
 @m_sallis matt--hope you will have a happy birthday 
 @maryfallacaro thanks mary 
 3.  you should tweet your pick for mvp using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #celebapprenticemvp 
 2.  the celebrity with the highest totals by tuesday noon et gets an extra donation to his or her charity… 
 1.   each week you the audience can choose an mvp among the celebrities @celebapprentice using twitter… 
 if you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure. – think big 
 @misskhan  thank you 
 china has announced it is fully prepared for a currency war http://t.co/e9ze2orlqn outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders 
 via @stvaberdeen: "donald trump reveals first image of his new aberdeenshire hotel" http://t.co/jsppvhtnmn 
 additionally @celebapprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group 
 @celebapprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 18-49 age group 
 glad everyone could see mar-a-lago last night on @datelinenbc. it is the crown jewel of palm beach 
 my @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of all-star @apprenticenbc &amp; politics http://t.co/yoeojcj4rn 
 @foyt4timewinner. thanks 
 brande was also smart in not bringing omarosa to the boardroom 
 brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132000 a really large sum. bret on the other hand raised very little 
 i will be doing fox and friends at 7 a.m. this morning 
 so what did you think of my decision? what would you have done? #celebapprentice 
 i'll always like @omarosa because she constantly defends me. #celebapprentice 
 @piersmorgan is right- he won the show because i know how to play the game. #celebapprentice 
 @ivankatrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #celebapprentice 
 don't worry west coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #celebapprentice 
 paul teutul is always good on the show. #celebapprentice 
 even @piersmorgan is impressed by @thegarybusey. #celebapprentice 
 @omarosa as a cashier- a big mistake by @brandenroderick. #celebapprentice 
 @kellyandmichael are both wonderful people. their show is terrific. #celebapprentice 
 @dennisrodman must be thinking of north korea. #celebapprentice 
 @thegarybusey is definitely different. #celebapprentice 
 @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other. #celebapprentice 
 @ivankatrump and @piersmorgan will be wonderful advisors. #celebapprentice 
 i can’t believe he would choose @omarosa as his first choice! she is hard to handle. #celebapprentice 
 i always believed @bretmichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. i disagree with him but... http://t.co/7ltrua2jmh 
 @lisarinna looks better with her reduced lips. good move lisa. #celebapprentice 
 looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge. #celebapprentice 
 how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing. #celebapprentice 
 losers and haterseven you as low and dumb as you are can learn from watching apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed 
 losers and haters are invited to watch celebrity apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn 
 i will be live tweeting during the celebrity apprentice at 9 p.m.  also will be hosting dateline just prior to apprentice at 8 p.m 
 @allenwronowski. allen and gail - you will like it - see you both soon 
 everybody wants to see and talk to dennis rodman - he will be on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 
 @dattan78. thanks 
 @jennyfromnexus.  great advice 
 @jboyle007. true and thanks john 
 really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) esquire magazine. totally false - lots of hatred. when will this boring magazine close 
 @splinter48708.  thanks 
 @richdeleo. thanks rich 
 @juicetucker. thanks matt 
 @peace_janise. thanks janise 
 @mathemagicianuk. thanks 
 is chris jackson as dumb as i hear - but i still like that he follows me like a good little soldier 
 @vin7768. thanks vincent 
 @billionirv.  thanks for the nice words irv 
 @kharmdd59. thanks kevin.trump doral will soon be the best in the u.s 
 @lmward7. thanks 
 @scottybuoy13. thanks 
 remember bill maher praised the animals who took down the world trade center and was fired by abc. drop@hbo until dopey bill is canned 
 @dgibson120. great 
 @jostephan 
 everyone should cancel hbo until they fire low life dummy bill maher!  get going now and feel good about yourself 
 @k9koda. thank you - very nice (and true) 
 joseph kennedy is really being used by venezuela and hugo c. in oil commercial 
 rt @today_clicker: get ready @apprenticenbc fans! @realdonaldtrump promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. http://t.co/gwnxahzida 
 @bittersweet008 thanks kayla enjoy 
 if  people knew how hard i worked to get my mastery it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --michelangelo 
 champion @joan_rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the boardroom. she leaves no punches out in @celebapprentice 
 stay confident even when something bad happens. it is just a bump in the road. it will pass. – think big 
 @realroseizzo thanks rose 
 who would have thought that an @apprenticenbc champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to all-star @celebapprentice 
 only the obama wh can get away with attacking bob woodward 
 today marks the one year anniversary of @andrewbreitbart’s passing. andrew’s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. @breitbartnews 
 due to popular demand @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice. lisa's fans won't be disappointed 
 we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in we go in hard &amp; quick. rebuild the us first 
 continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. unless you’re @karlrove. then you just blame the tea party 
 newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in all-star @celebapprentice. dennis is a legend 
 remember this sunday i am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8pm right before the premiere of all-star @celebapprentice @nbc likes me 
 "donald trump returns to the 'apprentice' boardroom" http://t.co/k8fxpzg546 via @bw 
 @fashionfindsbyr  thanks enjoy 
 pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing you're setting yourself up for some big surprises 
 i am happy that "the job" on cbs the 16th. knockoff of the apprentice was just cancelled. i love to see my opponents lose (not nice) 
 @saphoros 
 by popular request  i will be live tweeting during celebrity apprentice (sunday 9 p.m.) 
 thanks matthew 
 it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn - they are looking at the wrong people 
 erin burnett who has no ratings on cnn in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @cnn should say "no way" 
 thank you - so nice 
 @mystudentapt  thanks rob and good luck 
 @pammygb  good work pam 
 @osafolmik  thank you 
 @jackiehearns  thanks jacqueline 
 do  not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.--ralph  waldo emerson 
 as china is built on corporate espionage currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor its economy is a ticking time bomb http://t.co/yepswfpm6l 
 are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get @karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win 
 @jedijerad  thank you 
 @tessahartmann  thanks tessa 
 you haven’t seen fireworks until you see @omarosa &amp; @piersmorgan go at it again! let’s just say it’s no happy reunion… 
 "donald trump explains why he called django unchained 'racist' in tweet" http://t.co/a5jyhzj3ux via @accesshollywood 
 over the years i've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together 
 one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. if you can make it now you deserve it 
 remember no one ever said success was easy.good luck doesn’t come overnight.but if u work hard &amp; love it u will find success &amp; luck 
 i am very proud of @stephenbaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice. watch 
 everyone is excited for @thegarybusey’s return to all-star @celebapprentice.  be warned this time gary is even more insane 
 be sure to watch the history of wrestlemania on @netflix. my interview explains how i supported the event early on. i'm proud of it 
 "donald trump returns for 'all-star celebrity apprentice'" http://t.co/sszvlzfdn6 via @huffposttv 
 via @ap: "donald trump returns to the 'apprentice' boardroom" http://t.co/tniesotng5 
 @allanlarson swing hard 
 to succeed one must be creative and persistent. - john h. johnson 
 "being the best requires full-time attention and application. – midas touch 
 @mwiggans @espngolf @cadillacchamp  thanks m 
 @generalsam1971  wow--very nice thanks 
 @looayg  thanks and good luck 
 @adrianastuijt thank you 
 @deannaspillyard sikorsky 76 
 @mena_le @apprenticenbc wrong--not even close 
 @nymag  true 
 @misscastilloh thanks gaby 
 @kenbroadwater  true 
 @ericgbassett  mostly my father 
 @bigglogz this sunday march 3rd at 9 pm est on @nbc 
 @jtbone97 7 months 
 @nattilyattired @pontifex i fully understand that side of the argument 
 @jtdixon_inker happy birthday &amp; enjoy nyc 
 @misskhan  happy birthday 
 @deesnider @stephenbaldwin7 and the rest of your favorites are back! all-star @apprenticenbc premieres sunday... http://t.co/hgty00py4q 
 @stephenbaldwin7 and me at a press event for all-star @apprenticenbc earlier today at @trumptowerny.... http://t.co/pjmvg50pxv 
 karl rove’s ads are the worst in political history 
 karl rove’s stupid ad made ashley judd hot—now everybody is talking about her 
 ashley judd has just thanked karl rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get 
 if mitch mcconnell wants to win his election he’d better get rid of jinxed karl rove and fast 
  rove’s ad campaign has made ashley judd a totally credible candidate. be careful mitch 
 how come nobody mentions that the nielsen ratings of the apprentice after 12 seasons-- as shown by howard stern --totally blow away 
  the ratings of shark tank. everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence 
 @finger_slinger thanks davis 
 @clstromgren many people have said that 
 @justkieffer @goangelo @macy not much 
 @obomination1 @goangelo @macy thanks 
 the government will spend over $3.8t this year. the sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2%. where’s the problem 
 isn’t it ironic that president obama of all people is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!' 
 @wetzeldrake @apprenticenbc thanks 
 @ed_the_honest thanks ed 
 @stacihogan  true 
 @nal53199  i will 
 @craryjohn there is none 
 @texasblingmom interesting 
 @brooksstephen @marissamayer true and thanks 
 @kat3500 fantastic 
 @sdcrane @marissamayer excellent 
 @scotty752 thanks scott 
 @lynk339  thanks 
 what is wrong with the @gop? now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to obama http://t.co/suadjo8dm0 pathetic 
 there was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the white house iran &amp; china. all celebrated chuck hagel being voted in as sod 
 the trump doral's @cadillacchamp is florida’s premiere golf-tournament. i'll be there! tickets available here: http://t.co/askmlsjaol 
 my @todayshow show interview with @ivankatrump discussing the fierce competition in all-star @celebapprentice http://t.co/uthv15bhyn 
 my interview w/ @wendywilliams on @wendyshow discussing @michelleobama's bangs &amp; all-star @celebapprentice http://t.co/ael7q5unl3 
 via @wwe: "donald trump announced for wwe hall of fame" http://t.co/2min4gntix 
 flashback: "donald trump: $200m plan for doral" http://t.co/oqacxjr2ol via @espngolf. trump doral's @cadillacchamp is one week away 
 is everything ok over there @salon? i actually got some good press from them today 
 @ryanthedee  hopefully he will not destroy scotland 
 @therealchosen1 thanks and good luck 
 @ialia  great! just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from forbes travel guide 
 @emanaydin  made a mistake but will recover 
 @pfgabriel  yes and thanks 
 @thomasbrennan01 great architect 
 @brianschnitzler i often ask that question myself 
 @lifelongcane  true and thanks 
 everyone loves tv’s darling @therealmarilu. but wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @celebapprentice 
 my @latenightjimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of all-star @celebapprentice http://t.co/7tkgkf0up9 
 "must-see morning clip: donald trump addresses lil wayne tweet and 'celebrity apprentice'"http://t.co/ozoaepwpel  via @salon 
 great news - @barbarajwalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming monday.  barbara is wonderful 
 via @today_clicker: "donald trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'celebrity apprentice'" http://t.co/wi4tseqdpe 
 the pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. it hurts him it hurts the church 
 and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great 
 @ivankatrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. http://t.co/6ei29elgmn 
 was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when i left the set of @latenightjimmy 
 …..guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back 
 @amize_ @mcuban  i win no contest 
 "go confidently in the direction of your dreams. live the life you have  imagined." --henry  david thoreau 
 many people have commented that my fragrance success  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. try it &amp; let me know what you think 
 @hvrhrump i will--thanks--"success" is fantastic 
 @pga4terry @apprenticenbc  thanks terry 
 @swift_vic @lexiarri  they usually put the leftovers on friday like shark tank 
 @scherroe  amy is terrific 
 @jtalboy @traceadkins @celebapprentice @redcross  true 
 @gjelajg @forq2  thanks--very nice 
 @ingrahamangle thanks laura--found out via your twitter 
 @seehorse72  thanks kim 
 @thomasblack2013 sunday march 3rd on @nbc at 9 pm est 
 @goangelo—the next time you have a rally @macy’s try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective 
 @bkfviking123 thanks bryon 
 @kymdelange  wow what a great honor--thanks 
 heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice 
 @trish3d @traceadkins @celebapprentice @redcross  he's great 
 @pzpower @wwe  vince is fantastic 
 just did howard stern show-great time. now doing the today show with ivanka. enjoy 
 @karsynsharp 
 @jaylonseales 
 @hoppmar. great and thanks 
 will be on howard stern at 6.45 a.m. and the today show at 8.00 a.m 
 i'll bet jimmy fallon gets great ratings tonight 
 jimmy fallon show will be great tonight - i'm on 
 why does@ bill o'reilly keep putting karl rove on his show-a total waste of time. rove spent $400 000 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic 
 on jimmy fallon tonight 
 dopey @billmaher still owes me $5m for charity.  i hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen 
 @preewbrfu1  wind turbines are a disaster 
 @bryantash thanks bryan 
 @lefteydowns @austinroneil great 
 looking forward to the @cadillacchamp at trump doral next week 3.6.-3.10.  can’t wait to meet the attendees. #wgcdoral 
 @tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher sadly rated the 4th ugliest celebrity according to @listverse is attacking him 
 you have to feel bad for the democrat senators.  they don’t want hagel either.  just following obama’s orders 
 the ruling @gop consultant class of losers like @karlrove have no respect for the tea party.  they do this at their own peril 
 "but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" -  george steinbrenner 
 there is no comparison between @apprenticenbc and shark tank in the ratings. the apprentice beats shark tank hands... http://t.co/uw4i68iaxt 
 just a few more days until the 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice premieres.  be sure to tune in this sunday at 9pm on @nbc. big 
 "donald trump reviews oscars: django 'racist' ceremony 'boring' set 'tacky'..." http://t.co/jtkc39njja via @eonline 
 @gjelajg  be passionate about your work focus and never give up 
 country music star @traceadkins returns to all-star @celebapprentice.  competing for @redcross trace is great 
 i will be on @latenightjimmy tonight.  always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  now we know he will get high ratings tonight 
 one of the reasons i assume i was inducted into the @wwe hall of fame is that vince mcmahon and i have the all time highest ratings 
  and pay per view records with battle of the billionaires in detroit. it was a wild day 
 it is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @wwe hall of fame. this will take place on april 6 
  at madison square garden followed by a ceremony with 80000 people at metlife stadium wrestlemania 
 thanks go angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at macy's- 
 you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance "success" 
 a certain whack job go angelo who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: macy's 
  i wonder if angelo has a job or is on assistance. in any event i'm sure he is a nice guy 
 when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group 
  also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe) 
 now i know that yahoo is in good hands. it took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home 
 "donald trump: yahoo marissa mayer are right; employees should not work from home" http://t.co/1sptpryfct via @huffpostsmbiz 
 via @bleacherreport: donald trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame http://t.co/dzp3qyesbz 
 via @miamiherald:"donald trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame" http://t.co/tjygctd0ir 
 "lord grant that i may always desire more than i can accomplish." - michelangelo 
 rt @austinroneil: @realdonaldtrump thanks for all the inspirational quotes. helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :) 
 "set your sights and aim high. you never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it." - midas touch 
 @newyorkatm. thanks 
 @keval_camden. thanks 
 @deasworld. thanks 
 @rockshannon108. thanks 
 @reidtruuu. great 
 @teaparty321. my honor 
 @mike121z. no 
 the united states better address china's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! china is laughing at us 
 @ramirodamil. thanks 
 @whalinn5. no but thanks 
 @jorkellett. interesting and thanks 
 @mjgrilliot. thanks 
 @turrizal. thanks 
 @theonlycdorsey. thanks 
 shark tank is a dead friday night filler compared to the apprentice which has been number one show for week in the t. v. ratings 
 @paul1994loan. thanks 
 @david18graham. thanks david 
 wow i was just informed that i'm being inducted into the @wwe hall of fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @msgnyc- http://t.co/m17oakyusx 
 rt @nrcc: good to hear @realdonaldtrump is on board.gop is the party of free enterprise.join us as we innovate: http://t.co/rhgnvk4o9r 
 china is buying gas fields in texas http://t.co/g6tw5gskti &amp; stealing our corporate secrets 
  &amp; all obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms http://t.co/rl6qwctqzi 
 obama is finally stopping the chinese from buying something in america – windfarms http://t.co/rl6qwctqzi  what a joke 
 our leaders are terrible. the government spends over $50b a day.  it can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! sad 
 the countdown is on. the 13th season of all-star @apprenticenbc premieres this sunday march 3rd at 9pm est on @nbc. big 
 the $85b sequester is just 2% of obama's $3.5t record deficit spending budget.  our leaders are ruining our children's future 
 must read column by bob woodward explaining how obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase http://t.co/jiquiuqe09 
 obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans and they never answer back. why aren’t they fighting 
 via @mediaite: "donald trump trashes 'tacky' 'boring' oscars blasts 'racist' django unchained" http://t.co/wauqc4zo8r 
 "donald trump blasts the oscars" http://t.co/hd3c9keouy via @theblaze 
 my @foxandfriends re: the sequestration failure of leadership in dc china playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 http://t.co/afspihitrj 
 my @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our $17t national debt &amp; 2016 election http://t.co/qerq7ascac 
 via @mediaite: "trump to @gretawire: sequester cuts don’t go far enough’" http://t.co/ua77mg90d5 
 @jmarktiller  thanks 
 @rpmnana thanks good question/good point 
 @bethosborne14 thanks 
 @jurciuoli19  i will 
 @anchantra  thanks--the big question is why 
 @marissamayer is right to expect yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. she is doing a great job 
 an individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me 
 so far he has been a complete failure at doing so. he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career 
 the media is so in the tank for obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them 
 speaker john boehner who i like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the republicans got absolutely nothing for it 
 almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool 
 people buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals 
  it is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool 
 @roxannequintana  thanks roxanne 
 @dynomike3 hi mikey--work hard and good luck 
 @jaderomaine  thanks and good luck 
 @jurciuoli19 very good 
 whenever one of the morons say i wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate 
 why do losers &amp; haters always say i wear a wig when they know i don’t. like it or not it’s all mine—just ask barbara walters 
 how did you like michelle obama’s bangs last night 
 last night william shatner had more airtime than any winner. it should have been called the william shatner show 
 overall the academy awards were very average at best 
 @fl_richierich. great 
 @arjuwan. great and thanks 
 @5thmcfly. in april - thanks 
 i'll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven 
 i've had enough of this - good night 
 jane fonda and michael douglas look great 
 the oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty 
 sorry i never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine) 
 anne hathaway is a good winner 
 @scottflakne. thanks scott 
 lincoln never sounded like that 
 shirley b did a very good job singing goldfinger! not easy 
 very tacky set 
 django unchained is the most racist movie i have ever seen it sucked 
 you are right-more like the opening of the tonys 
 i don't like the opening even a little bit 
 how do you like seth and oscars so far 
 here we go with the oscars 
 @alexleiser33. thanks alex 
 @mkasun. thanks 
 congrats to @jimmiejohnson a great guy on winning daytona 
 @wobby_sobby wow timmy;thanks 
 dummy goangelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks (also success) are at macy's.the best-now everyone's aware 
 come on goangelo don't give up now just because your "rally" at macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! i love@ macy's 
 by popular demand i will be tweeting on the very tainted academy awards tonight 
 i'm saying that the tea party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory 
 why didn't movie lincoln use ford's theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater 
 big response to my tea party statement-remember they were never fully energized by romney campaign and will have far more power with time 
 republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party 
 @beaumontanthony. next sunday 
 @farm_mom. true 
 i hope oprah gives lance armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him 
 @japotter81. it will be great 
 @ringalenegotti. thanks 
 @billwhiteny. thanks bill 
 @rifenburgtweets. thanks 
 @thecrystashow. thanks crysta 
 @robertgwinjr. i hope so 
 i will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. now i know she will get great ratings 
 lance armstrong is now being sued by fed govt-what was he thinkking 
 @joequinn6. thanks joe 
 @shopgirlusa. good idea 
 @piano807  thanks 
 @erolyalim  yes she is very tall--5'10" 
 @legit73791728 thank you 
 @ukfan71  thanks 
 @kennyshosho  thanks 
 in every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten 
 then he who continues the attack wins. - ulysses s. grant 
 for the republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan 
   doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now 
 vince mcmahon @wwe and i hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling 
 the pga tour just extended my trump doral contract for wgc for ten years 
 enjoyed my visit to trump doral in miami yesterday. looking forward to returning for the wgc-@cadillac championship on march 6th-10th 
  will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. wgc-@cadillac championship 
 "fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- ralph waldo emerson 
 "donald trump visits doral resort says he’s allaying neighbors’ concerns" http://t.co/2r4ft6rifv via @miamiherald 
 what would all-star @apprenticenbc be w/out a baldwin? @stephenbaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. our fans will be happy 
 i've just done a major dateline for nbc - march 3rd just ahead of apprentice 
 @mandasueheller. a hall 
 drew peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty 
 positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking 
  it is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative. – think big 
 china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us and if we don’t get smart and tough soon they will 
 congrats to miss universe 2011 @realleilalopes &amp; @giant great @osiumenyiora on their engagement! i am very happy for you both 
 interesting article by @newtgingrich @humanevents: why rove and stevens are plain wrong http://t.co/zy7zotd9zv 
 twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts 
 only 10 more days until the premiere of all-star @apprenticenbc. on march 3rd at 9pm est @nbc the fireworks return to the board room 
 my twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators 
 @jamesrobert_  hi robert--good luck 
 if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once 
 republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away 
 john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. they really went after him 
 @mcuban you were excellent on howard stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also 
 @jamyawh. thanks great 
 @trooper0017. thanks 
 @sandyogg1. thanks sandy 
 @lp084. thanks 
 @megalouise88. o.k. write me 
 @jennymorris427.  thanks jenny 
 @ff3476. great 
 @innovember2012. thanks 
 @andeyr. thanks andey 
 @andreamoorehous. thanks 
 @katt8808. thanks k 
 @robertsuppa. thanks 
 @yolie4ms. loser 
 @alan_liljegren. thanks alan 
 @michaellunsford. thanks michael 
 @rothsteintravis.  art of the deal 
 @maybach_zach. thanks 
 @michaellunsford. thanks 
 @chrisbarno. great chris 
 @sufiology. thanks 
 @michaelrubinton. thanks 
 @livesayrobin. thanks 
 wow macy's numbers just in-trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support 
 @onmylevellopez. that's why you're a failure 
 @jschwab2. thanks 
 @rickythebitch. thanks 
 @frankmdavisjr. thanks 
 @zachcb1. thanks 
 @sebspikes. thanks 
 @missynewman12. thanks 
 @marksrink. a toy next to the apprentice -  just a friday fill in 
 @cathco9. thanks 
 @piersmorgan. thanks piers you helped make it so 
 @tonytan0.  thanks tony 
 the apprentice. - 10 years 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -amazing! @nbc 
 "the job" on cbs the 15th copy of the apprentice was just cancelled - i love it 
 "a  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities 
 and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties."  harry s. truman 
 @america4randr.  thanks 
 @icybersurfer thanks paul 
 @leatherneck03  thanks and good luck 
 @barbaric_yawwp.  sadly it's worthless 
 @mldemmons.  go angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser 
 @loadednightclub. thanks 
 despite all the statements to the contrary obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone http://t.co/hzatj4mg  enjoy 
 it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - douglas macarthur 
 @mrmokelly.  dopey nobody is laughing at me 
 i am hearing that @nrcc digital director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @gop social media.  good – we need it 
 i had amazing time in charlotte. great people &amp; many new friends. i look forward to coming back very soon. congrats to gavin &amp; staff 
 former winner @bretmichaels  returns to all-star @apprenticenbc march 3rd on @nbc. bret shows once again why he is a champion 
 via @kmovnewsfeed: "photos: tour donald trump's nc golf club" http://t.co/zn5bpimk 
 @dianneg @wcnc  to the news bigs --  elevate dianne gallagher  immediately—she is terrific 
 my @ wcnc news interview w/ @dianneg touring the magnificent trump national charlotte course &amp; facilities  http://t.co/jhnw0jog 
 the oscar pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone 
 i’m really saddened to see that @cher was voted the 4th ugliest celebrity according to @listverse 
 while i fully agree it is not politically correct!  http://t.co/spe1y14w 
 looks like a lawsuit against goangelo won’t work—my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at macy’s--he's actually helping. i have no damages 
 my ties &amp; shirts at macy’s are doing great. stupid @goangelo is making people aware of how good they are 
 dummy @goangelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his massive rally at macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me 
 @tommo1903 thanks craig 
 @josephc45  do you understand sarcasm 
 @tgsituation  thanks tyler 
 @walexjoe9   thanks 
 @bguzqueda thanks boris good luck 
 @josephciarla thanks joseph 
 review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. don't tread water--get out there and go for it 
 @paul1994loan chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. yes it's doing well! thanks 
 @angieevanhorn  thanks angie for your comments 
 @scottgray0622  thanks scott.  
 @taylorsangordie focus on your goals work hard and never give up. good luck 
 @jerryyanks  thanks jerry. good luck 
 @scifivision @celebapprentice  thanks jamie. tune in march 3rd for the new season--you'll love it 
 @boblo_lady  thanks 
 @ralphige thanks 
 @tylerponton i will 
 @louriz  thanks lou 
 re: success-- don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out seek and explore. think big at all times 
 achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning 
 @ilevitan.  number one rated hotel in toronto--and getting even better!  best wishes 
 @shanediesel777.  thanks 
 @mrstuckerx.  thanks 
 too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes 
 the many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful 
 "always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." donald j. trump 
 $5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline.  opec is laughing at us 
 "donald trump will keynote oakland county republicans' lincoln day dinner" http://t.co/vqgjpuhx via @mlive record  crowd expected 
 now china is helping iran smuggle nuclear parts http://t.co/h6ngfh8l . china is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival 
 good news - @afphq is going to fight back against rove’s attack on the tea party http://t.co/uiafh2sm go get em! @marklevinshow 
 idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that i am suing him to collect the $5m for charity that he expressly offered 
 @billmaher says that "the iraelis are controlling our government" http://t.co/zotjevs6 @hbo. let's fire him a second time 
 being an entrepreneur is a big task. so what can you do to prepare? first and foremost expand your focus. - midas touch 
 @diego_arria.  i hear you are doing great! take care of yourself 
 via @theobserver: "donald trump: lake norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'" http://t.co/nlxwpxbm 
 trump: 'i like north carolina we are looking at another deal' http://t.co/1x2ibz1i via @wsoc_tv 
 "i love the lakers and when you love the lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - dr. jerry buss 
 dianne gallagher @dianneg is a great reporter for news channel 36 in charlotte nc. fantastic interview--thanks 
 all-star @apprenticenbc premiering march 3rd on @nbc features terrific tv stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. will be great 
 great to see @yankees captain derek jeter back on the field.  he will have another great season and make nyc proud again 
 my exclusive @wsoc_tv interview with @blairmiller9 discussing trump national north carolina &amp; future deals http://t.co/1x2ibz1i 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing pres. obama playing golf w/@tigerwoods us airways-american merger &amp; oil http://t.co/c868hkjf 
 listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go 
 be tenacious. being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination 
 @kaywiggs  thanks 
 jerry buss was a great guy and friend. he will be missed 
 @tjknox8.    thanks 
 @suciogato.  thanks 
 @gwhitttttton.  thanks 
 i am surprised that hugo chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition 
 i said gas prices would sky rocket after election - opec payback 
 @erinstockwell.  thanks 
 @marissanail25.  thanks 
 great going 
 if i’m the third most envied man in america the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas 
 wow—family feud said i am the third most envied man in america. i respectfully disagree—i am very modest 
 if the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter. - george washington 
 looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his rock center with brian williams show--i hate to see such bad ratings for @nbc 
 @goonerdad52  hi chris 
 @jrzbeach  thanks eileen 
 chuck hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  a lot can happen 
 people have been asking to hear my howard stern interview—you can access it on @howardtv 
 the american-us airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares 
 trump national golf club charlotte is the premiere club in north carolina. http://t.co/m0ctvjmt  will visit tomorrow 
 @gleasondp  good idea 
 @mistdriscoll  thanks see you tomorrow 
 looking forward to speaking @acnnews international convention tomorrow morning in charlotte nc http://t.co/hhluev5m 
 via @freep: "trump to speak to gop" http://t.co/dy1hnitg 
 @realmisshiusa13  thanks brianna 
 @chrisgd61 @apprenticenbc @omarosa @thegarybusey  march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc 
 @craigkotter thanks--will be great 
 all-star @apprenticenbc has done the impossible. tv's greatest villain @omarosa &amp; @thegarybusey are in competition. fireworks 
 "trump: rove 'made a fool out of himself'" http://t.co/xewmlwdh via @cnsnews 
 via @theblaze: "donald trump on how rubio should have drank his water" http://t.co/tm8tztuo 
 @bryanbrager #1 = be passionate. if you love what you're doing success will follow. with passion discouragement can't take hold 
 i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either 
 @reed11593  thanks adam 
 @brandonarantes  that's right hard work it is. but worth it 
 @mattdaddyx6  thank you 
 @nydave77  keep at it 
 @philegl that's good news! congrats 
 remember if you don't promote yourself then no one else will! likewise believe in yourself--or no one else will either 
 success is good. success with significance is even better. work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count 
 @cynlanjoh keep up the good work cynthia 
 @preppermeister  thanks and good luck 
 do not give in to anger. it destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration. – think big 
 @moorereva  good. never give up 
 @wrousey @marklevinshow thanks will 
 @dommarino21 thanks dom 
 @hosscasey  happy birthday matt 
 @sfyfe_n thanks neil 
 @ruru_89 thanks 
 @rosscooker thanks 
 if you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it 
 @jmbruh @jdmael  complete is good 
 take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude 
 @sassy_grunch @joan_rivers @apprenticenbc  seriously 
 @michaeljdgregor  you're absolutely right 
 thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  much appreciated 
 @mamababyhood thanks--keep up the good work 
 @andresrojas35 thank you andy and best wishes to you 
 @mandielaurin good 
 @jdmael watch what happens dummy--it won't be pretty 
 @nwsocialist dopey--big success and great for scotland 
 obama vacationing in west palm beach starting tomorrow. he should play a round at trump int'l golf club - #1 rated course in florida 
 no surprise with the talk of amnesty in dc illegal immigration is picking up in arizona http://t.co/eyaerve4 
 not only did egypt destroy its civil society w/ the muslim brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess http://t.co/36traf1o 
 @microger  you're right--billions 
 @johnssaba it will be great--thanks 
 @eawiii @melaniatrump  thank you edward 
 in my office with banana joe who just won the @wkcdogs at @msgnyc. http://t.co/nh5qbcdn 
 @kaybee0h @acnnews and i look forward to it--big crowd 
 @mayorgas  good! and good luck 
 @makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day 
 @plsclonenugent  thanks susan 
 @gop need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican 
 the tea party is filled with great americans.  despite being mistreated by everyone including @gop they will continue to fight on 
 @jason23_9 @deesnider @apprenticenbc  march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc 
 everyone's favorite frontman twisted sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s all-star @apprenticenbc. dee does great 
 i believe in free markets but allowing a merger of us air &amp; american airlines is totally ridiculous! will control most of us market 
 if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of monopoly 
 @foodnfocus happy valentine's day 
 trump: rove gave us obama http://t.co/dzsvnujp via @cnsnews 
 via @bw: "donald trump vows to fight scottish wind farm plan in courts" http://t.co/yflcmfhs 
 via @breitbartnews’ @biggovt: war! trump levin pummel rove as conservative battle escalates http://t.co/x1sjhcgv 
 @tonystang thanks tony good luck 
 really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. he is terrific 
 @hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense 
 @doriandehari  thanks dorian--it pays to persevere 
 @alexlyonnn @kendallmcvey  sounds interesting 
 my @marklevinshow interview discussing obama's sotu rove's attack on the  tea party &amp; all-star @apprenticenbc http://t.co/cdhl7xqp 
 donald trump on mark levin: karl rove is one of the most overrated people in politics http://t.co/nmkm5ctf via @therightscoop 
 @david_s_ballard  true 
 @meliabila great--and good luck 
 @thomasfuller46 @ivankatrump  thanks thomas 
 @hisbloodsaves great school--thanks 
 congrats @trumptoronto for being ranked #1 on @tripadvisor and a travellers' choice 2013 winner 
 @mchalefrank thanks and good luck 
 remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth 
 @evamannarino hi evelina 
 @gilbertobm thanks gilberto and good luck 
 @goofyname  march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc 
 paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests 
 @racentrone  thanks robert 
 @marygracedh @trumptoronto  thanks 
 @uptownfrills @apprenticenbc definitely exciting 
 @uptownfrills  true 
 @dtcairney great success 
 @elishanews  thanks 
 @rayshacanup  will be great--thanks 
 if us air &amp; american airlines are allowed to merge ticket prices will skyrocket—there will  be no competition 
 it is important to think positively. negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful 
 @jurciuoli19 happy birthday 
 wow trump international hotel &amp; tower toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in toronto! @trumptoronto 
 do not pray for easy lives. pray to be stronger men. – pres. john f. kennedy 
 what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and follow it 
 you've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist? innovation can follow 
 @chinnis_28  today 
 be focused be disciplined be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification 
 @marrs_cat sounds like a good idea to me 
 @bragg_tina thanks--read my books they can help 
 whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself am i thinking big 
 @james_g_w  dummy i never went bankrupt 
 @ecnew_york  thanks 
 @yadapup i will try 
 @paulkay220  great and thanks paul 
 @captainndiet  it will be great 
 what a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending http://t.co/nhrftsjd  wait until 2014 when obama care is fully implemented 
 speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in charlotte arena this saturday morning—look forward to it 
 @thejbish @billmaher you are right but i always believe in hitting back--and thanks 
 @beanann  wall street journal &amp; lots of others including television 
 @79rose79 i was never a big fan of bush--he gave us obama 
 @mrdemain27 thanks darren 
 she’s back! champion @joan_rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s all-star @apprenticenbc. joan is ferocious 
 @mamababyhood  work hard focus be persistent and think smart 
 @mattwalker1809 anytime 
 @beckettgop thanks brian and good luck 
 @julespq thanks--glad it was good 
 @dellaadame much worse 
 @emeka89 thanks 
 @steffanpiper very good 
 @sunderscore20 very nice--thank you 
 @jma187 @billmaher interesting 
 @kentoidi8 @billmaher yes but we must act soon 
 @droppinloads29 @billmaher @rosie but rosie is smarter than @billmaher 
 @senrandpaul’s tea party rebuttal to obama’s sotu explained why limited government promotes freedom. well done 
 looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 pm est.  be sure to listen 
 next time marco rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact 
 marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech 
 gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn 
 @nmccay  yes 
 @zkoppe work hard 
 pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement not an elective 
 @nydave77 good luck 
 @ixfor  okay great 
 @amelionaire69 thanks amelia 
 @jesslivin hi jessica and thanks 
 @karidaway2388 thanks kari 
 @jarredpolseno thanks jarred 
 @dalhines  thanks--they are good kids 
 the harder you work the luckier you  get. - gary player 
 @amitchellmo recognize the opportunity focus on it and don't give up. luck is often earned 
 @tracecowgirl @traceadkins @celebapprentice .@traceadkins is a fantastic guy 
 @rubletz true--isn't it sad 
 @eddiecash23 great and best of luck 
 @rvpandrewz looking forward to it--thanks 
 @parrguy thanks tom 
 when will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past 
 @ellis38671w thanks--work hard &amp; good luck 
 @harrell_kelly thanks kelly 
 @eawiii  thanks and good luck 
 @madisonjar  yes 
 @jurciuoli19 not a bad idea--thanks 
 @justinjacosalem thanks--but they should get a life 
 @belloved21  very nice thanks rachel 
 @assyrianvoice thanks 
 @bfree007 definitely worth it 
 every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success 
 @parisitony just a small percentage 
 @kevinrleyland  interesting 
 @utcrager thanks 
 @opskoppromosies  hello 
 @toyeenb @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc  true 
 @mayorgas thanks 
 successful people don't have fewer problems.they have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward. dr. benjamin carson 
 ny should frack now. what’s the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class 
 @kateywhitey i am right--current tense 
 @scottjfata i like joe paterno and his family 
 @bcdorris @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc well trace will now have a second chance 
 i went to wharton made over $8 billion employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter... 
 @pathselo  good luck 
 @traceybabe8  work hard and keep at it 
 @carsenadeline yes absolutely. there are always opportunities and therefore hope. good luck carsen 
 @dougtammy14  thanks doug skylar and tammy 
 check @billmaher’s background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy 
 i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it 
 surprised @eagles signed michael vick yesterday to be their 2013 qb. vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long 
 the president’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. the republicans don’t know how to handle that—i do 
 @wmtoddc  keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent 
 will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent 
 another must read from jeffrey lord @amspec: rove email leaks: ideological war opens in gop http://t.co/hjxwyw4g 
 great news - @tppatriots are starting their own super pac to fight @karlrove http://t.co/5ddal4nz (via @thehill) go get em 
 @millionayer  hi and thanks 
 to all young college graduates – stick in there keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. they are out there 
 have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind 
 always pretend that you’re working for yourself. you’ll do a wonderful job. it’s simple but it works 
 magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the all-star @apprenticenbc. this time he has even more tricks up his sleeve 
 seal who shot bin laden is unemployed &amp; can’t feed his family http://t.co/henysoit everyone can get welfare but this seal can’t eat 
 how can any senator vote for hagel as sec. of defense after that horrific hearing? he is not up for the job but will probably get it 
 the new course at trump international scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630 
 my doral country club purchase was made just before miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing 
 sorry but @piersmorgan is a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. that’s why he won @apprenticenbc 
 it’s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? get a life 
 trump to build second scottish course http://t.co/sxl1fogt via @upi 
 @melaniatrump looks amazing in 2000 @sinow! http://t.co/hsuce8zr 
 via @golfweekmag: trump reveals routing for second course in scotland http://t.co/7kfurkfh 
 while in charlotte this weekend will visit my trump national golf club on lake norman—a magnificent place &amp; doing really well 
 going to charlotte nc to speak before more than 20000 people on saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great 
 sad. our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of spain http://t.co/pfq5cnmz we must do better or we will be greece 
 preview of obama’s sotu: more taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. enjoy 
 i endorsed a book on obamacare &amp; it just went to #2 on the new york times bestseller list 
 donald trump: karl rove has done ashley judd a favor http://t.co/p2jegog8 via @sheknows 
 what do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5m for charity? he made an offer i accepted 
 can you imagine if @billmaher said about obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country 
  but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me 
 via @bet: donald trump blasts beyoncé for suggestive super bowl show http://t.co/mlyd7hc4 
 a mediocre person tells. a good person explains. a superior person demonstrates 
  a great person inspires others to see for themselves. – harvey mackay 
 rt @ingrahamangle: trump int'l golf club west palm beach is spectacular. almost makes me wish i had time to play/learn/like golf 
 had a great time hosting the palm beach county republican at mar-a-lago.  @ingrahamangle gave a strong speech.  she’s great 
 @karlrove is far more to blame for obama's victory than the tea party 
 "trump: i love the tea party they love me" http://t.co/8zyxoaes via @newsmax_media (cross posted on @foxnation http://t.co/adieejw0) 
 "thanks to donald trump" http://t.co/gnwapxri via @amspec. my pleasure jeffrey 
 donald trump: ‘karl rove is a total loser’ so why are people still giving him money?  http://t.co/q2rldzhb via @mediaite 
 donald trump offers political advice to palm beach republicans http://t.co/g3hkbchy via @sunsentinel 
 great column by @howardfineman on @huffpostpol: "karl rove is done" http://t.co/qvhdmpo8 
 why does @karlrove lie about his reagan credentials? http://t.co/laxnktfq he’s a bushie through and through 
 i don’t like bullies.  i am not going to stand around and watch @karlrove target the tea party.  karl rove gave us barack obama. loser 
 via @politicalwire: tweet of the day http://t.co/idohu932 
 congratulations to my friend @roccomediate on winning the big golf tournament today 
 good luck @roccomediate and nice hat! http://t.co/zsd5j3is 
 @billmaher's so called show on hbo must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks 
 how does @hbo employ @billmaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? complete garbage 
 dummy @billmaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which i accepted. hopefully charity gets $5m dollars 
 @jakestadgangsta thanks jake 
 @mrcunningham89 thanks cam 
 @tahanigoingpro thanks 
 @marygracedh good 
 @jxgriffen  be confident pay attention--and good luck 
 @ferretti911 keep your focus and never give up 
 no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - samuel goldwyn 
 @misterespinal  thank you 
 @hoylier i was never a fan or defender of bush 
 @macbenz46 @southsalem but he will get it 
 @chrisr52  thanks i am 
 @darrengiven thanks darren 
 @notdevondalton  thank her for me 
 @bgoldsmith26 yes if they fight 
 @atunameltonrye  good idea 
 @edwardashton30  thanks 
 @jeff_m_hamilton it's about time 
 @lucasg203 good luck 
 being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you have to trust yourself and your instincts 
 ashley judd targeted by @karlrove's super pac in ad (video) http://t.co/mb1db4l1 
 @karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to ashley judd—simply increases her profile 
 @karlrove is a total loser...save your money 
 see the ashley judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love obama 
 @karlrove ashley judd ad makes her and obama look great...nobody wastes money like karl rove 
 is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory 
 the dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar 
 @adetonaoris great good luck 
 @noslenevets  i agree 
 @citychik_  thanks andrea and good luck 
 can you imagine if bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of americans?! democrats are such hypocrites 
 @chocolateb4bed  thanks michael 
 @africanpriest thanks 
 the past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since wwii http://t.co/pth3323x  need to loosen regulations and lower taxes 
 china keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  why do our leaders continually let china run all over us 
 hagel committee vote has been postponed as hagel refuses to disclose all his finances http://t.co/fgsrdyxq 
 @jkells2005 know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases 
 a-rod’s forgery defense is blown http://t.co/qkza3ufd the more he lies the worse it's going to get. @yankees want out of his contract 
 develop your gut instincts and act on them. you will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful 
 @derrick503 the golden rule of negotiation = he who has the gold makes the rules. read art of the deal &amp; how to get rich 
 @bahia6085 thanks suz for your comments 
 back by popular demand this year’s all-star @apprenticenbc sees the return of @claudiajordan! our fans love her 
 @rayk71 happy birthday ray 
 @yesterdaybyurs take the time to make it great 
 negotiation is persuasion more than power. be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from 
 @tbott22 @howardstern  thanks 
 @jconstantinides @howardstern  thanks jimmy 
 @saseret12  true and thank you 
 @ewerickson @hunterbaker erick--thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years 
 @nathalies_29 once again thanks nathalie 
 @clar68 great thanks 
 @djcoles1 great! good luck 
 @candi2577  great! keep working hard 
 @socean5 interesting 
 @edwardashton30 thanks--food for thought 
 @ericboucher true 
 @denoforensics 100% true 
 @jayceemccain thanks and good luck 
 @moorereva @tmz @harveylevintmz @billmaher keep fighting and learning 
 @lurdkberry thanks 
 @russ_steinberg  be careful 
 must read article: conservative fury at rove erupts http://t.co/ikq7efqd by jeffrey lord @amspec 
 "donald trump ed koch and the ice skating rink: a tale of bureaucracy" http://t.co/hndlpday @actoninstitute 
 @scmaness thanks 
 @aaapgs  thank you nice work 
 @zniosdig @melaniatrump  very kind thanks 
 @megmmurphy @howardstern @ivankatrump thanks a lot megan 
 @colenechia116  thanks colene--very nice! keep up the good work 
 karl rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst i have ever seen 
 karl rove is a total loser. money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain 
 why are people giving money to karl rove when he just wasted $400m without any victories? use your head 
 @socialmediabowl  i have just responded 
 @erikcantu even better government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.  thanks erik 
 @dorisartist  thanks doris 
 @pizzaman77 in retrospect i agree with you 
 @tiramis81858117 wow--thanks 
 @pennjillette thanks penn will be interesting--see you soon 
 @edwardashton30  yes 
 knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner 
 keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 @st33ly_dan @howardstern  thanks 
 @hancockmariana thanks 
 democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle republicans—&amp; the republicans just don’t fight back—no energy 
 obama can kill americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in america 
 @georgenedelkof1 true and thanks 
 @barkyjason  thanks 
 @tomkatz @sternshow  thanks tom 
 @michaelcoffey1  i hope so 
 @iggy_rodriguez great--and great city 
 @jagadis63 thank you 
 @markrucci @e_hig  great going mark 
 @idiotsavant24 @billmaher thanks 
 @joanneeileen thank you 
 @agnatelee  great 
 if we ever forget that we are one nation under god then we will be a nation gone under.- ronald reagan (feb. 6 1911–june 5 2004) 
 @jeannewmanglock  in charlottesville virginia 
 my @tmz interview with @harveylevintmz discussing how i will see my $5m lawsuit against @billmaher to the end http://t.co/bal5lj78 
 people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that i work quickly and that they will be treated fairly 
 @zwlykins  @johnnypaulcole your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. have a wonderful time at trump international las vegas 
 terrible cbo forecast for 2013--1.4% gdp growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) http://t.co/b9q7uowk  you get what you vote for 
 now a-rod is claiming that @mlb and @yankees are "out to get him' http://t.co/gezqwhhg  he should just get the hell out of nyc already 
 @cmtoms101 @rightwingb thanks enjoy 
 @mfbrooklyn true and thank you 
 @odogpundit thanks owen 
 @jaine004 thanks jane 
 @ricardohernang @celebapprentice  thanks ricardo 
 @deedsjames  thanks 
 be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. that's good business 
 just as i predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of obamacare over $300b http://t.co/cmdq20a2 more money borrowed from china 
 @sternshow my interview with howard stern this morning!  http://t.co/lesd4aa3 http://t.co/zsitlh8c 
 oh the wonders of the arab spring. our new 'ally' the muslim brotherhood hosted ahmadinejad yesterday http://t.co/ko4ptps3  no more aid 
 happy 102nd birthday to president ronald reagan. every day that passes reagan's presidency looks better and better 
 congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @foxnews 'on the record.' always enjoy being interviewed by greta. she's great 
 @johnnypaulcole @zwlykins okay thanks 
 via @newsmax_media: maher being sued by trump over birth certificate bet on 'tonight show' http://t.co/6a1rjouz 
 @zwlykins @johnnypaulcole  what are the dates for the hotel stay 
 wow- no longer saturday delivery from u.s. postal service- no money- our poor poor country 
 @nba hall of famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's all-star @apprenticenbc! great guy 
 @phillykayman @sternshow  thanks andrew 
 @theraja22 @sternshow thanks 
 keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere 
 @smarsh7818 @stern100 thanks and that's good news. good luck 
 @jtthebossman thanks jack 
 @joestocks thanks--will do 
 @paulmilton28 @howardstern thanks paul 
 @pierpaolomonni @unclerush  thanks 
 @bahia6085 true and thank you 
 @spewrange @sternshow thanks 
 @nascarnac thanks ric 
 @derekpringle2 appears that you are 
 look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results 
 @nathalies_29  thanks nathalie 
 @moogoo3544 thanks 
 the best deals are good for everyone which creates a win-win situation. negotiation is persuasion more than power 
 @katherinetrunk thank you 
 @neilcromie be smart &amp; work hard 
 @jayknowles1978 just the beginning 
 @haidermadhatter speak to vince 
 @zwlykins @johnnypaulcole  which hotel 
 you should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. i do it all the time. – think like a billionaire 
 immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse 
 re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do 
 again immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening 
 had a great time on the @howardstern show this morning—he will and should never change 
 @missshavon1 @celebapprentice thanks coming up soon march 3rd 
 money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score.the  excitement is playing the game.–the art of the deal 
 @nick_burrell  the art of the deal 
 thanks @sherrieshepherd 4 your nice comments today on the view. u were terrific 
 @gordondhue thanks 
 don't bunt. aim out of the ball park. aim for the company of immortals. - david ogilvy 
 @destinywyatt11 true 
 @festenoc true and thanks 
 @maryrosesgarden  mary--great 
 @chriswerner1988  great--thank you 
 @cheftramonto keep going 
 @johnmark88  thanks 
 @toddclark  true and thanks 
 with the record high february gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking.  will create jobs &amp; lower prices 
 glad to hear @brentbozell @marklevinshow @ewerickson &amp; @tppatriots are standing up to @karlrove’s attack on the tea party 
 trump @doralresort is hosting the wgc @cadillacchamp from march 6th – 10th.  join me--i will be there all four days 
 @brandenroderick returns in all-star @apprenticenbc  2001 playmate of the year is a determined competitor. she is terrific 
 via @newsbusters: donald trump issues statement regarding $5 million lawsuit against bill maher http://t.co/1us9y3ra 
 my @foxandfriends interview re: @superbowl blackout @bobbyjindal’s stupid comment &amp; suing @billmaher f/$5m http://t.co/nxpyvzm1 
 a top firm like cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win 
 the big and highly respected cooley llp is handling the @billmaher case for me 
 @e_hig  hi erica...and thanks 
 @tnhicks  she was great 
 @tomeitel @mattadamsfol  great 
 @1967porky  yes 
 @massbucketry then why do you follow me dummy 
 @darleneflaherty  he was great--loved kew forest 
 @klshrew  nice--thanks 
 @mdahgod  work hard (and smart!) 
 @brendamckinley  they were amazing thanks 
 @cathyconstanti1 @billmaher  thanks 
 @groovyhank  thanks 
 @loisleyn thanks 
 @rapgameortiz thanks--work hard 
 @18_chaz no discounts only penalties 
 @thisdj84 yes--leadership 
 @erolyalim  could be true--thanks 
 @drewmillington actually too many to pick one 
 @995mu wow--that would certainly be interesting 
 ask: is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?that’s just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition 
 then ask: what am i pretending not to see? these two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers 
 to entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success 
 wise words from my mother:  trust in god and be true to yourself.  mary macleod trump 
 wise words from my father:  know everything you can about what you’re doing.   fred c. trump 
 @erolyalim  thanks and yes 
 gas prices are going up big league—i told you so—payback to opec 
 $4 gasoline – wow—opec is very happy 
 i am a cautious optimist. call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks 
 @maggiedubh  yes 
 @tsecor sorry have to be a member 
 @jeremygreen98 @yankees   yes 
 @jamester49 good luck 
 @beaumontanthony @marklevinshow thanks anthony 
 @omz213  yes 
 @tiffanybrowninc  yes and thanks 
 @hellcat1963 @mailonline a great beauty 
 i also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock. – the art of the deal 
 surround yourself with people who are smarter than you. -- @unclerush 
 victoria's secret reps were nasty to @kateupton and now she is doing great 
 now the chinese are hacking @nytimes http://t.co/kwitgehv &amp; twitter http://t.co/ycezq0l9 when will we hold these thieves accountable 
 china is buying our shale and gas fields http://t.co/t4bu11ck &amp; obama still won’t approve keystone http://t.co/rr94yvav pathetic 
 china is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a texas shale oil and gas field http://t.co/t4bu11ck  what are we doing 
 @z7one  march 3rd 9 pm est on @nbc 
 @marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. he has a fantastic radio show that i always enjoy 
 @robblapp true and thanks 
 @jchorvath11 thank you 
 @misskhan very nice--thanks again 
 @bobhapka @sdoocy  thanks 
 if karl rove &amp; @gop establishment continue to attack the tea party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd party in 2016 
 be sure to listen to my interview today w/@stevemtalk on @newsmax_media http://t.co/w1jzhvnl congratulations to steve on his new show 
 @prw_staysfresh that's good news 
 @asklepios333 true and not good 
 @mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  thanks 
 @davidbarringer2  that's right 
 @gp237 thanks--my honor 
 @vuyolwethumanka thank you very much 
 @exider2010  and that's okay 
 @edwardashton30 true and true 
 @gradymc sadly that's right 
 i am very proud of my friend @omarosa. despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming all-star @apprenticenbc 
 donald trump dedicates second scottish golf course to beloved mother mary http://t.co/jvygdugk via @mailonline 
 i don’t know whether i will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity 
 @billmaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today i will sue him 
 @misskhan  thank you 
 i picked seven super bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag 
 the country is being run just like the stadium 
 the lights went out in new orleans...the country's lights went out also. we are not the same place 
 @minlarrycornel  thanks 
 remain open to new ideas. that's where innovation comes from 
 @jnorr11  many thanks 
 @jaypward  thanks jay 
 ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit 
 instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move 
 partnerships also require negotiation. it should be a win-win setup. otherwise it’s not a partnership. – ‘midas touch' 
 @chiamboy8  thanks for your kind thoughts i love s.i 
 @drewhemijk  thanks drew. good luck 
 @johnnyire1  true--good luck 
 @terryscotland @alexsalmond  which they should 
 @bennypagejr  best buildilng and service 
 @mr_oghene  great--enjoy 
 @steelmagn new york 
 as promised my @superbowl pick is the san francisco @49ers 
 @nmbr8 @celebapprentice  thanks deanna 
 @jackiedee16 @celebapprentice  march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc 
 bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they won’t be around in a year. http://t.co/apft7tpp 
 the upcoming all-star @celebapprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  we really pushed the envelope 
 donald trump to name golf course after mother http://t.co/honnqbkv via @scotsmandotcom 
 be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm. - abraham lincoln 
 hagel's performance yesterday was the worst i have ever seen before a committee of any kind 
 chuck hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays senate panel...our new secretary of defense 
 little @macmiller—i have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference 
 see ungrateful little @macmiller’s statement to me a year ago— http://t.co/gdrzptrb - he was kissing my ass 
 @politcnews  thanks--that's trump international hotel &amp; tower 
 @minlarrycornel @foxsports   i agree 
 @hantas88 not even a little bit--thanks 
 @celebapprentice flashback: what @bretmichaels learned from the 'rock star of real estate' http://t.co/wf7kj9y6 
 little @macmiller i’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. you ungrateful dog 
 little @macmiller i want the money not the plaque you gave me 
 little @macmiller you illegally used my name for your song donald trump which now has over 75 million hits 
 let other people talk.  any business conversation should be two-sided. – think like a billionaire 
 the real estate market in vietnam is booming.  growth is everywhere in the world except for the us 
 yes i will give my @superbowl pick tomorrow.  watch @_katherinewebb cover it on @insideedition 
 everyone is asking if and when i will endorse a candidate in the nyc mayoral race.  doing my due diligence… 
 @dirkbockel  thanks and good luck 
 @tiffanybrowninc @macmiller  not really 
 faldo to rework two doral courses http://t.co/bkh9hwzz via @foxsports 
 @ktsarita  good ideas and hard work 
 @brianchampagne @oliviaculpo  olivia is great--x10 
 @stuartyphilpott @johfax  i have a 93% approval rating in scotland 
 @nyctiggy  3 minutes 
 @rfussell good idea 
 @ivankatrump @erictrump &amp; @donaldjtrumpjr take no prisoners in  boardroom of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice. where do they get it from 
 big news—wow—u.s. economy shrinks 
 @cnbc titans: donald trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  watch 
 just did an interview with my friend @marksimoneny.  congratulations to mark on his new show on @wor710 
 @ccade937  thanks cynthia 
 little @macmiller—i don’t need your praise  - http://t.co/bjsnszww - just pay me the money you owe 
 little @macmiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song donald trump such a big hit. mac you still... http://t.co/jzjlcpzf 
 "well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate." -- the art of the deal 
 @mala13slp @barackobama  true 
 @orangepop911 i do 
 @tbrown2334  not good 
 @thegnomeabides thanks 
 @mikekunert @jerryrice true 
 @jeffcdl  that is indeed true 
 @jim_w_magee thank you 
 @cjohnson623  only "one of"-- but thanks 
 @rapone91 i agree 
 @gotowardsthesun good luck 
 @frankb550  thanks 
 "impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - napoleon bonaparte 
 "go with your gut. take chances. if you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes 
  will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - think big 
 obama's speech in las vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6m  http://t.co/w7ovfzvz  more money borrowed from china 
 pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for nyc political run. http://t.co/yb1xvk9m 
 i don’t know why the @yankees keep paying a-rod—they have a perfect out 
 @phatsdad  thanks roger--ali was and is great 
 @santini1014  thanks--a great building 
 @firefighter8597  i love that idea 
 @raydelmusic  that's great--you will love what we are doing 
 @mena_le  true 
 @marybeththm @therealmarilu @celebapprentice  i agree 
 oh the wonders of the arab spring. our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood just called the holocaust a "myth" http://t.co/j7umloxk 
 rt @therealkiyosaki: donald trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--i love it. it is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation 
 glad to hear @ewerickson has moved over to @foxnews. erick is a sharp political analyst 
 @yankees are privately ecstatic over a-rod's latest doping bust. the evidence is damning http://t.co/9kxxa3cl @yankees don't want him 
 flashback: "donald trump would fire a-rod" http://t.co/htchau5w via @espn 10.17.12 
 another nasty season premieres sunday march 3rd at 9/8c on nbc! http://t.co/qwh8femm 
 champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming "all-star" @celebapprentice. premiere is march 3rd on @nbc at 9 p.m. est 
 @alexsalmond see attached article. very frightening to people living around these monstrosities http://t.co/zzev8sfk 
 remember people’s names and small details about them. use both in conversation 
  people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud. – think like a billionaire 
 you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right. – think big 
 immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! sounds like that’s what’s happening 
 the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero 
 randy moss should not be bragging about himself—i’m the only one who is allowed to do that 
 randy moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @jerryrice 
 @loriwedgewood  thanks 
 @tjljunior @billmaher let's see 
 @vintagesmitty eric--true 
 @nlaspada7  true 
 @marybeththm @therealmarilu @celebapprentice  marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart 
 @cgjeezy tea 
 @donhall5  don--a terrible story (fact) 
 @justinhhsc  wow--that's really nice 
 @erolyalim  thanks erol 
 @bahia6085 @billmaher  thanks--stay tuned 
 @spanishflyar09 @ivankatrump  thanks andy 
 @wwws0  wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great 
 @ridetheory  horses went up also 
 @lynnfiorenzano thanks lynn 
 @largemarv74 @yankees  not even close but that doesn't matter 
 @leesport7  thanks--they are working on it 
 @jamesche85 @yankees  true 
 @letendrelarry thanks larry 
 @moekharrazi  i love all sports 
 @cherylcohen1  he's a druggie 
 sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." the art of the deal 
 just as i predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to obama care http://t.co/v7wzlv3b  enjoy 
 @daraghrohan  happy birthday and good luck 
 tv’s darling @therealmarilu is back in this year’s all-star @celebapprentice.  marilu is a fierce competitor 
 via @pbpost:  faldo calls team-up for golf course with trump ‘entertaining’ http://t.co/ifrqw4w1 
 a-rod is now being investigated for continued doping http://t.co/14owosux @yankees have a great opportunity to dump him now.  go for it 
 the new reality.  china’s economy ‘underpins’ global demand http://t.co/1naj93o8 our leaders just watched as china took full control 
 if you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success. - john d. rockefeller 
 two years ago i told everybody to start looking &amp; buying houses—i hope you listened! (but there is still time) 
 @ellie_sinclair  thanks ellie i will 
 @mattingly27 @billmaher stay tuned 
 @sandyinu we'll see 
 @cletendre21 @letendrelarry but not hard enough--good luck chris 
 @letendrelarry  larry send the money to police athletic league nyc 
 @victorfrisina me too@ a great place 
 a leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. - henry a. kissinger 
 still waiting to hear from @billmaher. every day he dodges me is one less day that $5m is being used for charity 
 @tigerwoods is playing like his old self in the farmers insurance open.  he will have a great year 
 a-rod should do the yankees a favor and never play again 
 here i am with whitney houston at a party at mar-a-lago. http://t.co/to29ptb3 
 i wonder how @joebiden feels after last night’s love fest between obama and hilary on @60minutes. can’t be too happy 
 is gov. @bobbyjindal the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the republicans 
 gov. @bobbyjindal referred to the republicans as the stupid party. now he has given dems a phrase to use 
 60 minutes treats president obama with kid gloves--- mike wallace is spinning in his grave 
 spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income 
 @hellcat1963  thanks ann 
 @danschreibs  dope 
 @chriisxedge  thanks christopher 
 @beaumontanthony @omarosa @latoyajackson @celebapprentice  true 
 always remember: dress for the job you want not the job you have. – think like a billionaire 
 face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack_welch 
 maybe i’m old fashioned but i don’t like seeing women in combat 
 lots of people are asking whether or not i should have run for president—stay tuned for the answer 
 president obama's inaugural had record low ratings. what does that portend 
 u.s. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes http://t.co/iwxtjmr8  i told you so 
 the iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program http://t.co/psbtms2c  but no thanks to us 
 @lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @celebapprentice all-stars. our fans love her 
 the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  must be all that global warming 
 wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines 
 got to know senator @johnkerry in aspen colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy 
 @inthehere  true 
 @mfantauzzo1  thanks matt 
 @guinnesscode  true 
 @marcomateoochoa true 
 @mjhockey113  not much 
 @philmickels0n_  is right—california taxes are far too high. it’s ridiculous 
 one of the country’s dumbest newspapers—the palm beach post--should be put to sleep. it’s dying. @pbpost 
 bought @johndeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—i love their product and service 
 radio interview w/ @seanhannity discussing @philmickels0n_  why ny must start fracking &amp; staying in @gop primary http://t.co/bm4fzwh3 
 wow the alis just nominated my purchase of doral in miami as transaction of the year—thanks 
 one of the keys to thinking big is total focus. – the art of the deal 
 it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume 
 @kevin_johnson68 @trapasso2501 happy birthday 
 @voicenationlive  work hard and smart 
 @burnerirons  hi nick 
 don't find fault find a remedy. -- henry ford 
 @rdpomin  everybody says that! thanks 
 @nurserichrange @billmaher  yes 
 @alyx518  and many other countries 
 @drakefrisby   but i doubt it 
 @hamodavo @primetimeemmys  but true 
 @scootysee my pleasure 
 @elliotg1959 elliot--i just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at doral 
 @enjorgetamez  great 
 @dirksmathias  thanks dirks--my honor 
 @freeillinois  yes 
 @joebaker1234  100% real 
 the republicans better be careful.  obama is out to destroy them 
 @mattyp941 thanks matthew 
 @nathalies_29 nathalie--thanks and best wishes 
 @3_lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 check her records 
 the real estate market is slowly improving.  still a great time to buy.  you will thank me in 5 years 
 watch obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term 
 terrible for the economy and a job killer. china is laughing at us 
 the @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @celebapprentice was #1 on all television for top brand impact 2012. thank you 
 @vanessceballos  be concise 
 @thegarybusey returns to @celebapprentice all-stars this season. his streak of chaos and havoc continues 
 today’s assignment: read chapter three of think big basic instincts. focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street 
 @denoforensics good idea--enjoy 
 @jutkarsh  great and thanks 
 @euan888 @david_cameron @alexsalmond so true 
 @euan888  thanks euan--we will save scotland's great beauty--no turbines 
 @sbair115 @gretawire  they call me names but that's ok 
 @vincegraff  because my mother was born in scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms 
 @cynthiawebster he had very bad advice 
 @maxwellpearson  great 
 @elliotg1959 have a great time at a great place 
 @nicolenulton  thanks--romney sadly did not resonate 
 @jwizzle03  hi justin 
 wind farms are now being paid to shut down http://t.co/ufoonvxo a complete waste 
 via @breitbartnews: exclusive - trump counsel 'cannot confirm or deny' interest in buying new york times http://t.co/bvu10pdt 
 @gretawire  greta—you’re wrong kirsten powers is a dummy—wasn’t she anthony weiner’s girlfriend 
 by continuing to give massive subsidies to scotland’s ugly wind turbines @david_cameron is playing right into @alexsalmond’s hands 
 @billkinglanark @dkberman @mathewi  that's true and i love it 
 @securitylecture  that is not the reason 
 @hellcat1963  sadly true--but it can change 
 @logisticshelp  thanks nick 
 @mrjpl it is trump 
 @corymacrae  yes i am--i am saving it from wind turbine destruction 
 today’s assignment: read chapter 7 ‘trump tower: the tiffany location’ of the art of the deal. focus on how i marketed the property 
 "you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - think big 
 almost every television network wants me badly—but i stay loyal to @nbc 
 top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @celebapprentice 
 @celebapprentice having top brand impact 2012  ahead of idol survivor x factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise 
 i just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. go to macy’s now to buy 
 @andeyr @rodstewart  thanks andey 
 @crconnections  thanks and enjoy 
 we have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - milton friedman 
 @larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @melaniatrump  thank you 
 @scotty752 @melaniatrump thanks scott 
 @billmaher has not yet sent me the $5m he owes which i am giving to various charities. come on bill—you made a deal 
 @lecirquenyc  thanks sirio--great food 
 @gzervs  work hard be focused and keep your momentum at full speed 
 do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? the people of scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back 
 @mamaberg63  true 
 @unique4x  thanks 
 @amilcaralvarez  great! good luck 
 @dtrainyc  work hard and thanks 
 @brogfro  that's true 
 @trentdav  thanks 
 in 2010 alone our trade deficit with china cost over 566000 jobs http://t.co/u9gb8ny9  this is unsustainable for the american worker 
 health insurance premiums are rising by double digits http://t.co/9ye9rwfh  another tax to the consumer by obama care.  enjoy 
 there is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be 
 i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil 
 @asphipp @traceadkins @celebapprentice  march 3rd on nbc at 9 pm est 
 please tell me what is going on with the republicans 
 exxon donated $250g to obama's inaugural http://t.co/ny2ksols i guess the democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.' 
 stamps are going up once again. now the us postal service will lose even more money 
 congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  he will now be the longest serving @israelipm.  a great leader 
 back by popular demand @traceadkins delivers in the upcoming @celebapprentice all-stars season. yes he sings 
 be sure to read my column in @cnni europe is terrific place for investment http://t.co/pmcju0fs 
 the new york times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home 
  in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location 
 when the new york times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me 
 i can accept failure everyone fails at something. but i can't accept not trying. – michael jordan 
 i cannot believe the republicans are extending the debt ceiling—i am a republican &amp; i am embarrassed 
 pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems."   - think big 
 happy 8th anniversary to @melaniatrump. http://t.co/y45ssfyx 
 scary. over 8332000 americans left the work force during obama's first term http://t.co/uen8vmtz how did romney lose that election 
 has pres. obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet?  where’s the media 
 the tea party delivered the house for @gop so they could be fiscally responsible. instead they have been irresponsible 
 one positive from last week for lance was that everyone was focused on manti te'o!  why did lance do that interview 
 watch this great behind the scenes video of @ivankatrump's spring 2013 photo shoot- http://t.co/ailvq2ml 
 republicans are always worried about their general approval. with proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base 
 the worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. pathetic 
 @ritter1025  ellis--get well soon 
 @adkradio thanks and good luck 
 @barbarajwalters   barbara—get better fast &amp; stay healthy forever 
 @ghosttoast99  i do--and say hello to carson 
 @marvelle thank you--a great compliment 
 @anthonynotweet  make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going 
 @keithurban is excellent on american idol—great touch solid guy 
 via @ew: @celebapprentice all-stars' first trailer http://t.co/fopk0fve 
 @lynn5101953 sadly true 
 @hmachann  thanks heidi 
 @stevegpritchett  thanks steve 
 @jedijerad  thanks jedi 
 my @shalom_tv interview discussing my video endorsement of @israelipm @netanyahu and past visits to @israel http://t.co/87s4uohu 
 @phakzenvanklipz  only tell the political truth--thanks 
 @albertenstein @bostonglobe and a dumb guy 
 @jeffjarvis  you were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong 
 @thecleverloop  true 
 here i am with @rodstewart at mar-a-lago. http://t.co/cxyc0mow 
 @justjoanne247 @barackobama  of course i do--for good of country 
 @robds101  easy--only small area 
 @ichrisandrews way beyond 
 @crewsawyer hope so 
 @brwneyesnbama thanks bobbie 
 @bretty1973 thanks--enjoy your visit 
 @titi1211  thanks tiffany 
 @selfminted you do and thanks 
 @sprinkler22 @gil1fresnoca  very nice thanks barb 
 @thedarangatang thanks timothy 
 @mscijihenderson midas touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests 
 you must promise that you will never cheat off manti te’o’s test papers 
 @gonzobeachboy  i don't go away 
 @mattonu @billmaher  not looking like it 
 @meatthead_ @souljaboy @kennicotasks winning 
 @coco471031 you really sound like a loser no-name 
 @kaszie @barackobama casandra--it's not--thanks 
 @tubby511 @barackobama  he is too smart to do that 
 @mikayladreyer  thanks 
 @torresterrell @barackobama  thanks 
 @coteter @barackobama  just success for our country 
 @holtonhancock  thanks and enjoy 
 @moorereva thanks myriam--starts on sunday march 3rd @nbc at 9 pm est 
 @eakrogh  emil--great &amp; do well with it 
 @chididdy57 @lancearmstrong  well he's now paying a big price 
 part of obama’s new-found confidence is that the republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively 
 obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow he really feels emboldened 
 if the republicans need a chief negotiator i am always available--or can recommend some really good ones 
 republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now 
 the president’s speech was very combative toward republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect 
 "socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill 
 pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents 
 glad to hear @insideedition has hired @_katherinewebb to cover @superbowl.  she will be absolutely terrific! miss usa pageant is proud 
 hypocrites! @jamesokeefeiii’s new video shows journal news reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’ http://t.co/edzor9kv 
 get ready for the fireworks between @omarosa &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of all star @celebapprentice!  neither one will back down 
 golfer bids $130000 for round with donald trump in scotland for charity http://t.co/9dcwjrcy via evening express 
 obama’s second term is going to very tough for the republicans.  the republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing pres. obama’s inauguration @gop debt plan &amp; @celebapprentice #1 branding http://t.co/dvyao3hg 
 whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres. @barackobama  does a great job for the country 
 i wish president @barackobama the best of luck in his second term 
 wow...nyt reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012 
 republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again 
 @mattmogul happy birthday tomorrow matt 
 most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning.    the art of the deal 
 @eawiii yes and thanks 
 @agnesphagnes @deadspin  thanks 
 "take action every day and stay focused for the long haul. - think big 
 trump dana-farber waiting on bill maher http://t.co/vwe34qk9 via @bostonglobe 
 new york should frack. thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. ny would be a truly rich state 
 @bighank500  thanks hank 
 @brookychan  not negative 
 @nmonastra @deadspin  thanks nick 
 @_katherinewebb with some of my memorabilia. http://t.co/0wfktnpd 
 @northsydgirl  yes 
 @sdoocy thanks steve 
 champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. spoiler – bret is back to his winning ways 
 @lcf42 @deadspin they are total losers 
 @brunhooooo  wrong 
 @cmedenise thanks 
 @thephilliesgirl @crossingbroad @deadspin  sad losers 
 @efswagner thanks 
 @amalfas  she can't but i adore her 
 @ishimwepatrick @buzzfeedpsa  thanks patrick--a great compliment 
 @deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson 
 @deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving 
 dummies @deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media 
 @deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized 
 alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriends—not good for notre dame—but they’ll be back 
 i still say te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the heisman vote—thankfully he did not win 
 te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid 
 the interview was great for @oprah and terrible for lance armstrong 
 @oprah was great-- amazing that she got lance armstrong to totally destroy his life. why did he ever do that interview 
 lance armstrong did himself great harm last night. lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him 
 @tman99us @_katherinewebb  that's shaquille o'neal's shoe 
 you wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_katherinewebb is- 6'5" in heels. she is also a total winner in... http://t.co/f8pyk326 
 miss alabama @_katherinewebb stopped by to say hello today. http://t.co/jpnazwu4 
 trump doral’s renovations are right on schedule http://t.co/n0llzasj once completed it will be the top resort in the u.s 
 all time hit leader pete rose should now be in the baseball hall of fame. he has paid his penalty 
 @boeing stock went way down because of 787- so i just bought stock in @boeing- great company 
 the interview with oprah will cause lance armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide 
 i'll bet lance armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was i thinking?" 
 @hbo should fire @billmaher and bring back @dennisdmz- someone that is actually funny 
 @billmaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than sominex 
 @billmaher needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford 
 dumbass @billmaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice 
 brent musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before 
 @espn’s apology(brent musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct 
 imo--- manti te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the heisman trophy 
 can it just be new age that manti te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax 
 not believable that manti te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. he is either very stupid 
 or mentally troubled (or a con) 
 congratulations to tom scocca and timothy burke of @deadspin for exposing the manti te’o fiasco 
 the first ever all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc premieres sunday march 3rd! http://t.co/52umxtce 
 look i have always liked lance armstrong- i just hated what he did to himself including recently. his life will now be hell 
 lance armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to oprah. i’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again 
 lance armstrong was given veryvery bad advice 
 journal news readership is already down 50 percent over the years 
 if everybody sued the journal news for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business 
 @thesween_bean thank you 
 @msmaddiexo thank you 
 @manc999 write to mark burnett 
 @colinhaney great 
 @kingof_class thank you 
 @simonnwrestler thank you 
 @kidsalty no 
 @meemawbellefleu thank you- i did 
 does anyone remember this @billmaher clip when he got fired from abc- in fact fired like a dog! http://t.co/xekz6gtm 
 @billmaher has not responded...not a word. his lawyers must have told him to shut up 
 @protagonisthero he brought them on himself 
 @belikehannah  march 3rd 
 go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther. -- j. p. morgan 
 @quiteefranklee  thanks and enjoy 
 @quiteefranklee  march 3rd 
 @christianfranzh  thanks christian and good luck 
 china watched obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  we will be borrowing trillions more from them 
 glad to hear derek jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  derek is a true champion 
 our country under president obama is on life support! great leaders must bring people together 
 re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long 
 does anyone really believe that chuck hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports israel 
 "we’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year 
  to opec countries that hate our guts.  it’s stupid policy.- time to get tough 
 @gop is burying itself. 63% of republican voters think @gop congress is ‘out of touch’ http://t.co/8nz9uld8  
  is a third party coming? i hope not 
 @kingantoine1  thanks antoine 
 @playboy playmate of the year @brandenroderick returns to the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice--she is smart &amp; beautiful 
 the word is that lance armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth 
 hard work is my personal method for financial success.  you can do it too. - think big 
 do your homework before you invest.  a dumb investor is a dead investor.  – think like a billionaire 
 @8zz8 wrong 
 @sheriffbrody @antbaxter scotland course held up to storm very well 
 @mrjamesmack  wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm 
 @janeygodley  no held up to storm very well 
 we were led to believe that jeep would manufacture in u.s. and sell to china—like china does to us 
 unlike u.s. china taxes things made in the u.s. and sold in china. china demands plants we don’t. stupid 
 lance armstrong’s liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees 
 lance armstrong is having a breakdown. what is he doing—his life is now officially over 
 from bloomberg: chrysler’s jeep expects china production agreement soon.  i told you so 
 never bet against bob kraft bill belichick or tom brady! @patriots 
 @bradleycmc thanks bradley 
 @pattilee22   thanks and good luck 
 you can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people don’t know about it it’s not worth much. - the art of the deal 
 i don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -- george s. patton 
 @thehunterwatts  thanks enjoy 
 @bennydoestweets  thanks 
 where’s the press?  1484: 72% of afghan casualties have occurred under obama http://t.co/0dbxhopv 
 can you believe that the afghan war is our longest war ever—bring our troops home rebuild the u.s. make america great again 
 if someone says i’ll bet you ten dollars and loses the bet it’s pay up time 
 a savvy investor is a sponge for information. you have to read the newspapers 
 please tune in january 15th at 6:00am est and 6:00pm est to the qvc network to watch my wife @melaniatrump 
  debut her first 2013 melania® timepieces &amp; fashion jewelry collection 
 it is snowing in jerusalem and across lebanon.  global warming 
 i agree with pres. obama on afghanistan.  we should have a speedy withdrawal.  why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the u.s. 
 everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  you get what you vote for 
 "there’s nothing compassionate about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - time to get tough 
 still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  does he even have $5 million 
 sadly i’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it 
 @nbc did a great job last night with the @goldenglobes 
 back by popular demand @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. she is fierce in the board room 
 just as i predicted today obama called for even more tax increases.  the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards 
 remember as a senator obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling http://t.co/wtq96itg  i guess things change when president? 
 can you imagine if obama had to give today's press conference before the election? he would have lost.  @gop really blew it 
 according to many and while nominated i would have won the emmy many times except for my politics. @primetimeemmys 
 lance armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? just go away lance 
 is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—i think so 
 by the way folks @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is 
 dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—i hope he has $5 million (for charity) 
 i am a handwriting analyst. jack lew’s handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing 
 the republicans have been played into a trap by the president--they forgot the 14th amendment 
 and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast 
 i can’t believe @denver_broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play i have ever seen in football 
 peyton manning should have passed on 3rd down 
 congratulations to bob kraft and coach bill belichick for having built an amazing team. @patriots 
 congratulations to tom brady @patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion 
 wow i have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time 
 i believe in spending what you have to.  but i also believe in not spending more than you should. - the art of the deal 
 @andyliz99  thank you 
 if you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it. - jerry bruckheimer 
 @robertkarlpoker  thank you 
 @theviz1 @billmaher  i will try 
 @normawilcox  thank you 
 @chrispedersen80 @billmaher  thanks 
 @hoboshane  i agree 
 @kmt9999 @billmaher  thanks 
 i can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money 
 if you’re still in school pay attention.  education is a money machine.  – think like a billionaire 
 our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood have close relations with iran http://t.co/pvi6rxju  we never should have abandoned mubarak 
 @brunettelogic  march 3rd 
 let’s get out of afghanistan. our troops are being killed by the afghanis we train and we waste billions there. nonsense!  rebuild the usa 
 @pellscuse11  happy birthday 
 the republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right 
 the baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice with @stephenbaldwin.  stephen does great 
 @daveyd147  find work that you love. you have to have passion. that provides motivation 
 donald trump to bill maher: pay up http://t.co/fqnu7k9c via @breitbartnews 
 "donald trump: if bill maher does not pay off his $5 million bet – 'then i’ll sue him'" http://t.co/x7wbj4ae via @gatewaypundit 
 2nd segment of my @seanhannity @foxnews interview discussing @billmaher's insult of parents and sending him $5m bill http://t.co/bjube3kj 
 first segment of my @seanhannity @foxnews interview discussing @gop are terrible negotiators &amp; lost all their cards http://t.co/vcxiwr2y 
 @otgdy27  i won't 
 @makingtrevenue  thanks 
 @jcriv305  thank you 
 @bowsbybaby  thanks and good luck 
 @adambrownagency @michaelalbrown  great 
 @farmersagentn8  thanks we'll see 
 @mikepassmore  thanks 
 @thomasm25221024  i won't 
 @jamiehumble  true 
 @notksanymore  i will 
 @ladalebuggs  thanks 
 @melbelle96  thanks melanie 
 @spot_o_tea   thanks 
 @richardrvaughn  thanks 
 "i promoted the hell out of trump tower but i also had a great product." - the art of the deal 
 @tonytuanvu  thank you and good luck 
 @mstuart1970 @foxandfriends  true 
 @ladalebuggs  thank you 
 again don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 o’clock est 
 @johnjohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno  thanks john 
 @shaminabaspr @mariolopezextra  thanks 
 @jackiediop  thanks 
 @dpdouglass @billmaher  thanks dana 
 @famewhorebuster @billmaher  thanks 
 @michaelrhorer @billmaher  thanks 
 @tazracet  thanks 
 "people love gossip. it's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going." -- @theellenshow 
 @henriwts @baetensgert  yes 
 @mattomell  march 3rd 
 @aeroleila7 @celebapprentice  http://t.co/pden2jsr 
 scary. president obama told boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  http://t.co/martbvap 
 "good investors are good students. it's as simple as that." - think like a billionaire 
 @carly_russell thanks carly new season starts march 3rd 
 @sellassellas @billmaher thanks brandon 
 @mcguire1978 @djp3tiesmallzz  thank you 
 @dkc628  thanks dorothy 
 @luvintyger thank you 
 @itsbrttanybitch  thanks and good luck 
 @the_jeffh  thanks jeff 
 @raynealray  thanks 
 @joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno  thanks 
 my @extratv interview discussing @rosie's new baby my acceptance of @billmaher's $5m offer &amp; hiring @_katherinewebb http://t.co/wxye4677 
 new rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer 
 "katherine webb gets a donald trump job offer says she's 'shocked' about the attention"  http://t.co/ikt92yev via @zap2it 
 via @foxnews: "donald trump sends bill maher birth certificate awaits $5 million" http://t.co/5c38hlwz 
 @nba hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his a game in the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice.  this time dennis is a star 
 @keithash_kash   thanks 
 @seame_huntin est 
 @seame_huntin  thanks 
 @basquegirl75  thanks 
 @sophiesmom78  i will 
 @fultonrm @billmaher  i will 
 @infiniteyounow  my honor 
 @robgoodwin72 @_katherinewebb true! they are great 
 @chuckwoolery @billmaher chuck--you are great--thanks 
 @scottvh1  so am i 
 @thereallljcole @billmaher  true 
 @davidlemoinejr @billmaher  i will 
 @bertoldo1269 @billmaher  true 
 @jarboni72 @billmaher thanks 
 @mulligan672 @billmaher  true 
 @trinityjordan  i won't 
 @lversaci @billmaher  thanks 
 my @eonline interview discussing @_katherinewebb's stardom and why @espn's apology was unwarranted http://t.co/4v8dqigp 
 @rhondaberment thank you 
 @storingmaysoul  thanks 
 "if you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - think big 
 i will be doing @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 o’clock. will be interesting and tough 
 i hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer which i fully accepted or i will be forced to sue him. all goes to charity 
 "money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains." - think like a billionaire 
 "experience is the teacher of all things." -  julius caesar 
 "all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. find a passion that energizes you." - think big 
 he's back! @thegarybusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of all star @celebapprentice 
 via @eonline: "donald trump wants katherine webb for miss usa judge" http://t.co/inbux7xv 
 @jimmy_farney @queynewton  great -- good luck james 
 @bradymagic @erictrump thank you 
 @homeswestfield @erictrump @myfoxny @rosannascotto @stjude  thank you 
 small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012 http://t.co/wexte74i trump org had a record year 
 this is how it starts. obama is now threatening to use an executive order for gun control http://t.co/bunu2iud welcome to his 2nd term 
 "chuck hagel: wrong for defense" http://t.co/f0vqbne0 via @newyorkobserver 
 hagel has been endorsed by china http://t.co/8zmnzglr &amp; iran http://t.co/zhdfnn5k  for sod.  welcome to obama's second term 
 it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them it becomes a national incident 
 apparently @martinbashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  i was surprised to find out he is on tv.  who knew? 
 watch @extratv's spot covering the first annual trump invitational at mar-a-lago http://t.co/ucac22nl 
 @tappersong  the opposite 
 @brose783  thanks. good luck 
 @aynbluefish  interesting 
 @davidblanch  thanks (i think) 
 @brittanytoll @theauthentickj  not true 
 @youcancallmer @billmaher @jayleno  thanks 
 @missusa2005  thanks chelsea--you are great 
 i hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities 
 the charities i have designated for @billmaher's donations are: police athletic league-new york march of dimes hurricane sandy victims 
 american cancer society and the dana farber cancer center 
 i have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show) 
 lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation 
 @milkncookies70  not easy 
 @nicolewalker20 i have and i do 
 @rosegalwines @rnc many people agree 
 @drehm010  great thanks 
 @djt_biggest_fan  great 
 @lilkubes  great and thanks 
 @billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—i’ve never seen him like that 
 @marioraez1 thanks 
 @authenticsig22 easier said than done 
 @nolanitenyc  no 
 @sandramdocer happy new year sandra 
 @adam4integrity  true. @gretawire is great at what she does 
 @tnmouth  interesting 
 @samco42  no but i hate incompetence 
 @leadersmag  great job 
 @tracyn3109  seems like it 
 @franksfight  keep fighting frank! never give up 
 @kristine_kaplan  happy birthday kristine 
 watch eric at 9 am (est) today on fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and david price to discuss eric trump foundation's $20 million donation to st jude 
 give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. - samuel goldwyn 
 @shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher thanks 
 @melpace  thanks 
 @dalasner stay tuned 
 @haley_loyal @celebapprentice @latoyajackson  latoya is terrific 
 @dasboot96 @kylemccall4  true--just terrible 
 @schutzhund007  great--i would rather it be here--by far 
 @cjohnson623 @billmaher  stay tuned 
 @joeisterrific thanks joe 
 @kevinm_mielke  true 
 @usfiscalsanity  work hard 
 @caarlatwiter  she's fantastic 
 @c_a_pearson true 
 @tweetsfromnancy  interesting view 
 @conniegrn777 @alabamaftbl  you should--they are great 
 in this game knowledge is the key to power. - think big 
 @381days  thank you 
 @seanelmi  thanks sean 
 @ryanmjanderson @celebapprentice march 3rd 
 the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. the biggest yet 
 we are going to ask katherine webb to be a judge at the miss usa pageant coming up in las vegas 
 what a great couple... katherine webb and aj mccarron. they are both winners 
 miss alabama katherine webb has been a truly great representative of the ms. usa organization ..we are proud of her 
 success breeds success.  the best way to impress people is through results. – think like a billionaire 
 @bonbon823 @theteaparty_net  thanks 
 @mrdewmaster @newsbusters  i will 
 @thee_frankg  it is great--thanks 
 @rilwanemeje  thank you 
 @hldrpiper73  thank you 
 @delonmackenze  thanks 
 @tvtango @billrancic  great reminder--thanks 
 the iranians are sure happy with obama’s nomination of hagel.  already praising hagel as ‘anti-israel’ http://t.co/y3hdxio2 
 why would obama ever nominate someone for sec. of defense who opposes sanctions against iran when obama claims to support them 
 @ethwhite  hi ethan 
 congratulations to @alabamaftbl on winning the bcs championship last night 
 golf odyssey just named trump scotland golf course of the year.http://t.co/vv1iquju 
 wow—golf magazine just named trump scotland best new course.http://t.co/vv1iquju 
 @grant_wyeth  thanks grant 
 @theamandarose  great 
 @adkradio yes send address 
 @infiniteyounow @celebapprentice  true 
 @tonifreardon @foxandfriends  thanks 
 @vibow54  true 
 @whitneykray @ivankatrump  great 
 what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life.- think big 
 the worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it. - the art of the deal 
 trade with china has killed over 29% of us manufacturing jobs in the us http://t.co/qae9jpzz china is robbing us blind 
 @megalove04  thanks 
 @frankmdavisjr  you are right 
 glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ monday interview continues to get big ratings.  great way to start your week 
 @yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck 
 @hshoyeb @lord_sugar @piersmorgan  thanks 
 when you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. and when you have fun you can do amazing things. - @realjoenamath 
 nominating chuck hagel for sod is the wrong move for obama.  he doesn’t need the fight.  too much political capital will be wasted 
 i hope the republicans are happy.  just as i predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted obama’s appetite for more taxes 
 "trump invitational" at mar-a-lago was a huge success.  raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in palm beach 
 @ewanshearer  happy birthday 
 @arsenioofficial  thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year 
 donald trump hosts first-ever 'trump invitational' at mar-a-lago http://t.co/vpqmnqlk via @wptv 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing  chuck hagel nomination republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next http://t.co/1jfnwynq 
 @prncsmo_ @libertyu  hi morgan and good luck 
 @jkaburu work hard 
 @v3ceo  thank you 
 take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever all star @celebapprentice http://t.co/ihjie0sa 
 "never never never give up." - winston churchill 
 @panchoopanchoo @celebapprentice  march 3rd 
 @dianahartnett  march 3rd 
 the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice is unique.  we really pushed the envelope here.  our great and loyal fans will love it 
 to all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs 
 make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  important for your mind and will help you be productive next week 
 @adelebrumley  adele--happy birthday 
 @sammypotatoes  true 
 @nypatriots4life  thanks and happy new year 
 @_msccc  thanks 
 "i aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after." - the art of the deal 
 @kwierzba  never give up--keep at it 
 "wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - think big 
 @jacksback2009 thanks jack and happy new year 
 @realkylemorris  you will love it 
 @neanderthalman1  nobody says this 
 @littllow  not great 
 @a123meoli  true 
 @richardkle  thank you 
 @pastorcab  true 
 @jmendowns  true 
 @hellsbells116  thanks chris 
 @chartranda  yes i thought romney would do better--just didn't catch on 
 @pauljosephjr  doral is doing great 
 spend your time enjoying your big dreams.  - think big 
 @nicksteinmetz  try never give up for lessons in tenacity 
 just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing 
 i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling 
 @sldewey  but a bad one 
 @ms2202  true and true 
 @lovebn40  thanks heidi 
 @michelle88fan  i love what @governorcorbett is doing 
 @ahm1038  they just acted but it was obama that promised 
 @firefergee  perhaps so 
 @cambriacravy  i told you so 
 @grantgill  thanks 
 @alancravey  that is something to think about isn't it 
 @markghuneim  something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen 
 the trump organization is going revolutionize rio de janeiro’s downtown port area with trump towers. construction begins soon 
 republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal 
 great to see sec. clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @chelseaclinton and pres. clinton.  glad she is recuperating 
 so obama and congress can waste billions in iraq &amp; afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but can’t get money to the nj &amp; ny sandy victims 
 the republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing 
 @jamesche85  dopey i never went bankrupt 
 @tonyturko @robynkonichiwa  she was great 
 think of yourself as a one-man army.  you’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well. – think like a billionaire 
 @ksherrill_4  thanks 
 @chadfisher3  thanks 
 @wesdunn  wilson 
 @hsword_1 yes --  http://t.co/pden2jsr 
 @georgeokc  thanks--let's see what happens 
 @beverlism  good place 
 @thesisko @rnc  sounds like it 
 the boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of all star @celebapprentice. premieres march 3rd on @nbc 
 in the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - the art of the deal 
 @pashtunprince  march 3rd 
 @fleur498  the art of the deal is a good start 
 @mimi_187  mimi--perhaps because they are losers 
 @sarahb205 i get you 
 @jamesche85  i do complain 
 @drjoyschaffer i fully understand your question 
 @maverick1195 thanks i think 
 i can't believe republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. they are rapidly giving up all of their cards 
 via @politicalwire: trump not happy with republicans http://t.co/inqywbss 
 donald trump on ‘cliff’: ‘other countries are eating our lunch’ http://t.co/vepybjlm via @bizpacreview 
 @skyhawk442  yes and i am presbyterian 
 @vikinggroup1  true 
 @prday wilson--but he probably won't get it 
 @jimmyscissor  isn't that so true! and by the millions 
 @prince1fares a total mess 
 @gop2014ftw @gop  third party is tough 
 @gretawire greta--don't let it get you down--you are a winner and tina is not 
 @rgiii &amp; @dangerusswilson &amp; luck are very special players--will be great playoff games 
 if you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.-think big 
 new york city hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. http://t.co/7eywies5  record amount visited trump tower 
 congrats to @governorcorbett--he's right to be suing @ncaa over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of penn state http://t.co/xsx70ibs 
 this ‘deal’ @rnc voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  it is pathetic.  obama is laughing at them 
 make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation 
 remember--i told you so 
 obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  with obama care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term 
 medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving http://t.co/jkhihnot bad for long term 
 via @huffpostpol: donald trump: 'republicans may be the worst negotiators in history'http://t.co/a2gyhdix 
 @gop’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about 
 the republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections 
 if we get tough and make the hard choices we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again. – time to get tough 
 congratulations to @robinroberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  robin is a special person 
 i always follow my own instincts but i am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews. - the art of the deal 
 "donald trump praises @liljon and welcomes him back to all star @celebapprentice" http://t.co/65p9n4m9 via @hiphopnews24x7 
 the party of the year in palm beach was the new year's eve celebration at the mar-a-lago club--it was amazing. http://t.co/3gs4mh7c 
 my @foxandfriends interview from monday discussing obama’s tone going over the curb and republican debt ceiling card http://t.co/sfhip1kr 
 does any republican have the ability to negotiate 
 this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans 
 maybe boehner will stop this one sided deal in the house...i hope so 
 what is mitch mcconnell thinking?...make the big deal 
 i am a republican...but the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history 
 obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the republicans got nothing 
 @opus_6  thanks it's a wonderful place to be--and happy new year 
 @earther57  sounds nice--and thanks. happy new year to you and yours 
 you have to set higher and higher goals.  you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. – think big 
 visiting new york city?  make sure to skate in the world famous trump rink in central park http://t.co/bzm5ljje great for the whole family 
 @sixela1984 @liljon @celebapprentice  raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job 
 leverage: don’t make deals without it. – the art of the deal 
 raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do.  so they will probably do it 
 @phillykayman the art of the deal is a good start 
 @wandasalley  thanks--have fun 
 i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  i can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #midastouch 
 once again obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. chuck hagel will not be named sec. of defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be 
 obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year 
 @nicholas_lipton  march 3rd 
 any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back 
 the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  they can get everything they want.  focus 
 @limka11 @jess_wiliem98  thank you 
 my @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb &amp; why we must &amp; can make a great deal. http://t.co/f7x6t4ph 
 spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of all star @celebapprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom 
 donald trump on fiscal cliff and obama http://t.co/5sy7e3on via @livetradingnews 
 "true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that's what courage is. " - gen. norman schwarzkopf (1934-2012) 
 sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of general norman schwarzkopf.  he was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him 
 @ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too 
 @mattmaddix  good luck 
 @mikeyadamsweei  thanks--and happy new year to you 
 @lin0729  yes--he is a great guy 
 @kryssitoocool18 thank you 
 @mjtis  yes 
 @jessetmaguire @alkapranos even more--thanks 
 @mayorgas  good 
 @nyclights420   i hope so 
 @its_nicca @giulianarancic @missuniverse  she was great 
 to be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems. – think big 
 republicans remember—debt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceiling—be smart and you will win 
 it’s thursday.  how much time did washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff 
 @macmiller’s donald trump http://t.co/yebetefe just crossed 73.5 million views on @youtube.  you’re welcome mac 
 i told the republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a republican president—they wouldn’t listen 
 i hate hearing after all of the hard work that @mittromney never wanted to become president 
 back by popular demand the fabulous @liljon returns to the record setting 13th season of all star @celebapprentice.  the fans love him 
 when renovations are completed trump national doral will be the finest resort in the u.s 
 congratulations to @flgovscott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast 
 watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- republicans are in a much stronger position than they think 
 must read @wsj column by senator phil gramm - the multiple distortions of wind subsidies http://t.co/j0ebmphb 
 i’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before i make a decision. it’s a natural reflex. – the art of the deal 
 "donald trump: gop has ‘nuclear weapon’ in fiscal cliff negotiation but they don’t know it" http://t.co/noelhtki via @mediaite 
 my monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards http://t.co/nftxdmc6 
 from my family to yours...i want to wish you all a very merry christmas 
 @lin0729 yes regis is the best 
 @skyhawk442 @rosie i agree 
 @earther57 sounds like the best place 
 @reighnseed thanks 
 there is no better place in the world to spend christmas than mar-a-lago http://t.co/f5bwq14l in palm beach florida 
 @nbc really happy with how well the #missuniverse pageant went 
 @mikecosgrove1  thanks and good luck 
 @lovechild419  thanks lisa 
 deals are my art form.  i like making deals preferably big deals. – the art of the deal 
 @trondbertil thank you 
 miss universe ratings -- 6.1 million viewers best since 2008http://t.co/tqbd1fuo 
 @leahnelbulos happy birthday leah 
 @susanmahoneyxo thank you susan 
 donald trump to build trump towers complex in rio de janeiro http://t.co/abi47gwn via hispanically speaking news 
 how is @vanityfair editor graydon carter allowed to run bad food restaurant beatrice inn? fire graydon 
 washington is in total gridlock—no trust no leadership—very interesting 
 dopey @rosie--i never went bankrupt--abc already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit 
 @rosie--if america's got talent uses you the show will fail like all your others 
 @alleecatt21  thanks allison 
 @jaimeennis @examinercom  thanks jaime happy holidays 
 @mstang_13  i hope so 
 @psu_brush @zigmanfreud  thanks matt 
 @nc777ww  he is a loser who will self-destruct  just like @rosie 
 @crlindke true 
 @hyperspaceit  thanks--@huffingtonpost is a total joke--just like @ariannahuff 
 @joey_moneyracks  thanks joey 
 "work hard play hard and live to the hilt." - think like a billionaire 
 "i find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest." - dalai lama 
 @chidrole   hi john 
 our new @missuniverse olivia culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  she is a wonderful role model 
 @cement_mixa49  kevin--congrats--you are a winner 
 you get what you vote for.  us credit rating is about to be downgraded once again http://t.co/brvnxeo3 
 @toddulu  fun 
 @klisitsin  the art of the deal 
 @mdslhrst  good move 
 @candicebazuin @bravoandy @giulianarancic  they were both terrific 
 @krystiandior the apprentice will be great 
 when i bought the #missuniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support 
 now it’s the greatest pageant on earth-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—hot 
 ratings for #missuniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @nbc likes me (and i like them!) 
 china is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' http://t.co/2r9dhxho sad 
 @pokerswayne @vanityfair  very wrong dopey 
 @jbresson  thanks justin 
 @roncharles @vanityfair @kbandersen  which magazine went bust under carter and as i predicted 
 congratulations to all the trump 2012 #missuniverse contestants who came from across the world. you did great and made us all proud 
 @ellavdw  you have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed 
 @jnorr11  good reason for a celebration 
 "the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life 
  so if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - think big 
 @mandideren  i will 
 @rebamoreland @vanityfair  great move 
 @grantrebhun   hard work but fun 
 @moruagabriel  thanks 
 via @ap: "miss usa olivia culpo is crowned miss universe"  ratings increase 15% over last year. http://t.co/wzlt2sox 
 watch @missusa olivia culpo crowned  as @missuniverse 2012 in the trump #missuniverse pageant http://t.co/7owdgbes 
 @oxsapphirexo @vanityfair  no that dope graydon carter has hit on me for 25 years. his magazines always fail (see spy) 
 @random5   you can and you will--work hard 
 @kevinkuhn5 @vanityfair  thanks kevin i tell the truth 
 @danforsley @vanityfair  wrong--graydon carter has no talent and looks like shit! also his food sucks 
 @greenerag  i agree on both counts 
 @jimrobbins1973 @vanityfair  i don't. graydon carter sends it to me free 
 be sure to watch #missuniverse tonight at 8pm on @nbc with its first simulcast on @telemundo 
 the #missuniverse women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women 
 dummy graydon carter doesn't like me too much...great news. he is a real loser! @vanityfair 
 @mattwiemeri  thanks 
 if sheena monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have i would have treated her very nicely 
 sheena monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved 
 @jnorr11  march 3rd 
 tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the miss universe pageant 
 back by popular demand @giulianarancic and @bravoandy are co-hosting tonight's #missuniverse pageant.  they are great 
 this is a buyers’ market.  buy now.  you will thank me in 3 years 
 the #missuniverse pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far 
 pageant people are really talking about venezuela brazil mexico usa india australia 
 okay i think i’m going to do it—i’ll open the miss universe pageant as santa tonight at 8 pm on @nbc 
 @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring really really thin 
 worst ever issue of @vanityfair magazine—bad food graydon carter should be fired 
 @agreatguy  great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you 
 i hope newtown ct can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy 
 @missusa olivia culpo has been a star a young audrey hepburn 
 miss universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever 
 they asked me to dress as santa claus to open miss universe tonight—i’m thinking about it 
 in las vegas for the miss universe pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock 
 courage is contagious. when a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened. – rev. @billygraham 
 @playagaindesign  http://t.co/pden2jsr  starts march 3 
 i also protect myself by being flexible.  i never get too attached to one deal or one approach. – the art of the deal 
 @jtracy08  thanks joe 
 @toddjoldbull  it's a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it 
 via @examinercom: "the miss universe contestants glow with elegance during the trump holiday party" http://t.co/tpkjkcqh 
 @jean_penny  hi jean 
 many people advised me not to buy the miss universe pageant.  they were all wrong. the deal worked out to be a great one 
 the tragedy in newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. must appreciate every minute 
 in light of newtown our country has to pull together 
 donald trump’s miss usa pageant scores $5 million legal victory following rigged claims http://t.co/feyjji2a via @eonline 
 video game violence &amp; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters 
 i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.#angels 
 president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in #newtown connecticut 
 in moments like thiswe are all just americans. i join with the president religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today 
 a horrible day for newtown ct and our country yesterday. my condolences to all of the families so tragically affected 
 windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. http://t.co/wxrkxrsv 
 @mstacey9 i never went bankrupt 
 @c_waitforit_j @uberfacts i never went bankrupt 
 @lydia_xoxo @uberfacts i never went bankrupt 
 @dylawn420 @uberfacts dopey i never filed for bankruptcy 
 @derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel thanks derek- and true 
 @hailey_hustlerr thanks hailey- you sound great 
 thousands of fans have been sending letters to trump tower in anticipation of @celebapprentice.  really good show 
 all the things i love is what my business is all about. - @marthastewart 
 watching pyongyang terrorize asia today is just amazing 
 a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- abraham lincoln 
 we can’t even stop the norks from blasting a missile.  china is laughing at us.  it is really sad 
 there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  you have to love what you do. - think big 
 egypt is a total mess. we should have backed mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog 
 the gorgeous contestants of trump miss universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @telemundo.  will be a beautiful show 
 i have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  they always thank me after they succeed. #midastouch 
 you get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 http://t.co/ws2ithkm 
 @abspara @pennjillette @celebapprentice  march 3rd. tune in 
 @brettnpu32  happy birthday 
 the amazing trump national golf club los angeles. http://t.co/1akhvq5u 
 no money wasted like bad ads—the republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it 
 can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election 
 i let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v 
 "argyll grandmother takes uk and eu to the united nations over plans to turn scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' "  http://t.co/mdcfsdih 
 for those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never ever give up 
 @randytotty @tjtotty  happy anniversary teresa 
 re real estate: you don’t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal… 
 …you can enhance location through promotion and work 
 re life:  life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. if anything success makes it more fragile 
 the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  so if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.–think big 
 great – we are sending even more f-16’s to the muslim brotherhood in egypt http://t.co/uehtrx5g  this is a total disaster 
 the republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal 
 it’s tuesday.  how many more customers has glenfiddich lost today 
 trump miss universe simulcast on @nbc and @telemundo on december 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show 
 @bahleezy  march 3rd--tune in 
 fans like winners. they come to watch stars – great exciting players who do great exciting things. - the art of the deal 
 he’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @thegarybusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice 
 "mogul donald trump has many powerful friends. and it turns out one of them is anna wintour. http://t.co/pd6rxccf via @foxnews 
 "donald trump: anna wintour ambassadorship would be ‘a favor to the country’" http://t.co/mfnowtal via @mediaite 
 "trump: gop must dump 'useless' rove to win presidential elections" http://t.co/1ftzb0qj by @mboyle1 @breitbartnews 
 negotiation tip #2:  i always go into the deal anticipating the worst 
 if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself 
 negotiation tip #1:  the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it 
 china is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad 
 @golfmonthly re: my scottish course quite simply this is not the best new links course in the uk it is the best links course full stop" 
 @nathalies_29  thank you 
 @hopewellcody thanks cody 
 @levithompson93   happy birthday levi--work hard 
 the uk is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. good news killing country 
 some dope tweeted my message to my friend bill belichick incorrectly--they called him bob. sorry bill!  @patriots 
 "being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. that's the solid foundation that stands the test of time."  midas touch 
 "if you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment."  think big 
 good luck to bob kraft tom brady and coach bill belichick tonight 
 "i believe in spending what you have to.  but i also believe in not spending more than you should."-the art of the deal 
 if the republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @karlrove.  he is useless 
 i still don't get how @karlrove spent $400 million &amp; lost all 
 the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned. it is wrong.  my offer still stands to buy the property.  good deal for everyone 
 the lunatics in congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from congress last week http://t.co/yvjkqke2  busy doing the peoples’ work 
 you can’t con people at least not for long.  if you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on. - the art of the deal 
 great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  if they run the table they will make the playoffs 
 great knockout on saturday by juan manuel marquez on manny pacquiao.  a great fight 
 the government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends http://t.co/jos4tjda  dangerous for us but great news for china 
 the chinese are smart.  they bought up over $7b in us housing last year http://t.co/tt9bzwxr  u.s. is busy making china even richer 
 china is about to acquire a unit of aig which we bailed out for $5.5b http://t.co/0xbsbyf6  china is making great deals on our backs 
 i just bought stock in tiffany &amp; company and mcdonald's. two ends of the spectrum but i like both companies 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool 
 @lord_sugar  if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar you should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--the apprentice. say thank you donald 
 dopey sugar—@lord_sugar  isn’t it sad that my golf course in scotland just got best new course in the world—it’s worth more than you are 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar  bad ratings--come on keep making me money--remember i own your show 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar  i hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar  i never go silent. i was buying a major property in florida--a property worth more than you are 
 sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of ritz carlton in jupiter florida—just bought it will be great 
 people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don't have any 
 this is such a special time to be in new york city.  no better city in the world to celebrate christmas 
 many people still out of power in staten island.  absolutely ridiculous.  why can't they get service 
 this year's trump miss universe pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.will be simulcast live december 19th on @nbc and @univision 
 today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. no real job growth. we need over 300k new jobs a month 
 "quote of the day: donald trump decrees boycott on glenfiddich scotch" http://t.co/uj7zoybh via @zagat 
 back by popular demand tv personality @therealmarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'all star' @celebapprentice.  marilu does great 
 via @digitalspyus: "donald trump to lord sugar: 'drop to your knees and thank me'" http://t.co/0rldeuja 
 i just retained sir nick faldo to be the architect of the red course at doral--he will do a tremendous job! @nickfaldo006 
 to tom brady @patriots and gisele--best wishes on the birth of your daughter. tom is a great player and great friend 
 dopey  @lord_sugar  i'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are 
 dopey @lord_sugar  people are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets 
 @lord_sugar  you need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt 
 there are 2 things i’ve found i’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.–the art of the deal 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar  the wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of scotland 
 @lord_sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser 
 @lord_sugar - nice call on predicting that the ipod would be "dead finished gone kaput" http://t.co/gyaf1jv0  great business foresight 
 dopey sugar.@lord_sugar  ...your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the apprentice.  keep making me money 
 dopey sugar @lord_sugar--i'm worth more than $8 billion acknowledged almost no debt  
 sugar @lord_sugar  why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed 
 sugar @lord_sugar  unlike yours my financials are phenomenal. people don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed 
 @realpro4real  thank you 
 @martinwatt382 true 
 "a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur 
 @piersmorgan @lord_sugar   no his ignorance 
 sugar @lord_sugar—you should say thank you donald like a good little boy...  
 instead of biting the hand that feeds you! don’t bother just keep making me money 
 @lord_sugar @piersmorgan  sugar if you taught piers morgan he never would have won 
 we are way over the fiscal cliff.  and with obama care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late 
 alex rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. he will miss half of next season.  really bad deal for @yankees 
 dopey @lord_sugar—look in the mirror and thank the real lord that donald trump exists. you are nothing 
 @piersmorgan @lord_sugar   i easily could but as long as sugar is making me money (it's my show) i won't--unlike sugar i'm not stupid 
 when i made the apprentice the #1 show in the us that was a good day for you 
  and many others. drop to your knees sugar and say thank you mr. trump 
 sugar: @lord_sugar--keep working hard so i make plenty of $ with your show 
 you have little persona but the apprentice concept is great and lucky for you 
 sugar: @lord_sugar—unlike you i own the apprentice. you were never successful enough 
  to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway. without my show you’d be nothing 
 @lord_sugar  if you think ugly windmills are good for scotland you are an even worse businessman than i thought 
  and in my opinion should not be doing the apprentice 
 @johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting 
 @scootray88  dopey same people voting over &amp; over again? andy murray #1 by far 
 you’re all wrong—check the facts! uk is massively subsidizing scotland’s wind turbines &amp; the people don’t want them 
 how can george osborne reduce uk debt while spending billions to subsidize scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country 
 when i renovated wollman rink in central park it came in $750000 under budget 
  and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  case is taught in wharton 
 @sinnerofa10shun  work hard and love what you do 
 @achieverdan  thanks and yes 
 @ringsherry @erictrump @ivankatrump  thank you 
 @madmartinez @erictrump @ivankatrump thanks darlene 
 @realrobharrand  thanks rob 
 all the contestants have arrived to compete in trump miss universe pageant in las vegas. today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific 
 my support of anna wintour for ambassador got a lot of coverage.  she is smart and will be a strong advocate for the us 
 via @usatoday: trump endorses wintour for ambassadorship http://t.co/u9ek2xu0 
 karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. they are dropping us like dopes. get out now and re-build u.s. 
 @macfarb  wow--very nice 
 @orangetrump @apoliticalbear @forq2 @danabrams  don't be so sure 
 @bongsi21 @billgates @itsmemvp  work hard 
 @kleckhardt  kris great place enjoy 
 @colonopenbrakit  he is a loser--andy murray is a winner 
 @carloguderian i built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't 
 is pm cameron a dummy? with monumental cuts in uk spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds  
 on ruining scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines 
 scots should boycott glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great olympic &amp; u.s. open champ andy murray over total loser michael forbes 
 @mchandlerjones i will 
 @laraleayunaska @erictrump  and you looked great last night lara 
 twisted sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice. the iron man of rock and roll is great 
 republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way 
 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting 
 @officialbqgirls @missusa2005 @thalilbit  your performance was great last night--bq will win 
 @johng500 @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr  the greatest compliment of all--thanks 
 @rodgilbert7 @erictrump @ivankatrump  thanks rod--you're a great player and guy 
 @danabrams true--but keep up the good work 
 @johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in february!—trump 101 
 speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing 
 dave brubeck was great and will be missed 
 i like thinking big.  to me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big. – the art of the deal 
 @vincedelisi  thanks 
 @hoppmar  so do most smart people 
 @phillipmoodie thank you 
 @karllewis01 soon--thanks 
 @apoliticalbear @danabrams  true--thanks 
 @riggs_deb  thank you 
 christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful. -- norman vincent peale 
 @karlrove is such an embarrassment that @foxnews is keeping him off air http://t.co/amke76xg rove should be out of politics. a total loser 
 i don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect. – donald j. trump 'midas touch' 
 @rodsandguitars @nbc  thanks 
 @tommo1903 thank you 
 @kevinsherwin thank you 
 @danabrams dan of course stories on me do well.  glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  tv was not your forte 
 the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice features the return of the beautiful @brandenroderick. the fans love her 
 i am happy to hear that pres.obama is considering giving anna wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  she is a winner &amp; really smart 
 via @scotsmandotcom:  awards for trump’s golf course http://t.co/pd1qhmq9 
 @wtfagain @beardymilne  you would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke glenfiddich 
 @beardymilne @wtfagain i know you are jealous of forbes &amp; a total loser 
 @achieverdan thanks 
 @damonpostal  thanks 
 @georgetakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to broadway 
 @spearstim can't pick a favorite--thanks 
 we are getting rid of all glenfiddich garbage alcohol from trump properties 
 tell ‘top scot’ michael forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to scotland 
 glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen andy murray—u.s. open &amp; olympic gold winner—as top scot instead of a total loser 
 @beardymilne @wtfagain david--i hear you are jealous &amp; angry that forbes got the award over you--two losers 
 @kleckhardt  yes--it is great 
 @swingtraining  thanks jeff 
 @danusia234 @saintsfootynews  happy birthday andrew 
 @bf2088 thanks--and good luck 
 @arnoldmuks  thanks 
 if you are planning to visit the world famous trump tower atrium be sure to come early.  during the holiday season it is packed by 10am 
 the addition of the iconic doral resort to the trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions http://t.co/c9nuypix 
 the stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product 
 a-rod @yankees had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. do you notice all the druggies have bad hips 
 the @yankees should break a-rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented 
 @danabrams editor of @mediaite explained on radio this morning that i am so widely covered because i draw high interest. true 
 @arsenioofficial will do great in his new talk show on cbs. he’s really got what it takes 
 @redskins qb @rgiii is a very special player.  he is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  amazing talent 
 how could michael forbes get scot of the year when he lost—badly—to me &amp; andy murray a true scot who won the u.s. open &amp; olympic gold 
 congratulations to david wright on signing a long term extension with the @mets.  david is an exceptional player and person 
 fan favorite @liljon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'all star' @celebapprentice.  he is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy 
 @ld06981p  larry thank you and keep up the great work 
 @wendydyer2  thanks wendy 
 @alkiwaves thanks it will be great 
 @itscolinfowler  thanks 
 @bubbaslmky  but hard work 
 great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed 
 just won the highest rated sanitary award in ny—an a--&amp; the food is great also. trump grill/ 57th &amp; 5th 
 just completed purchase of magnificent ritz carlton in jupiter florida. will be renamed trump national golf club &amp; be tremendous success 
 the networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—a ratings machine—but because of apprentice have been loyal  to nbc 
 the democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff."  they will raise taxes and blame it on the republicans 
 @lfoshie @piersmorgan logan: you are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life 
 michael forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought  
 michael forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company glenfiddich gave him scot of the year award 
 comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at university of texas at arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—i told you so 
 @parisitony  true 
 i take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #trump rink in central park from my office--world's best skating rink http://t.co/bzm5ljje 
 @osafolmik happy birthday and best wishes 
 @stephenbaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice.  the baldwin clan will be proud of stephen 
 attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- winston churchill 
 i am watching the new york mayoral race very closely… 
 the daily snooze publishes lies about me. they should be ashamed but it will die very soon 
 obama is laughing at karl rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race including the big one 
 karl rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400m—not one win—(the republicans better get smart next time) 
  time for the republicans to find someone new—and better 
 gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record http://t.co/fjionw2g  inflation is coming 
 obama is totally tweaking the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways 
 i am very proud of @ivankatrump for her work with @cookies4kids.  @cookies4kids is a great cause helping children http://t.co/e5ik0gvg 
 it’s about time for all americans (republicans &amp; democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible 
 trump brand expands to south america: the donald lends his name to luxury tower in uruguay http://t.co/ilqlcyqc via @forbes 
 @nbcnightlynews (brian williams anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." just think about that statement 
 was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer great architect great guy 
 i'll be honored  at the family business dynasties gala in nyc on december 5th. it will be a great event for a great cause 
 as i said on @foxandfriends this a.m. you have to give obama credit—he won!  
  the republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days 
 thank you to @ivankatrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends 
  the ny daily snooze totally lied and never even called my kids 
 now that it’s almost over i can’t believe that unions &amp; management couldn’t save twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a $1.75m  bonus 
 i’m surprised that gabriel aubry has settled so quickly and easily with halle—in the long run it was a wise decision 
 @therealhillyard trump national golf club los angeles--it fronts the pacific ocean and is spectacular 
 @amishflyers66 try trump grill in trump tower. excellent food good prices. enjoy your visit 
 in calling my tweets ‘obnoxious’ @aol says i sure know how to keep them wanting more.  they are welcome.  i just tell it like it is 
 france is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day 
 @jminello  very nice thanks 
 nypd officer larry deprimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness http://t.co/o5rtcs01  nyc loves the nypd 
 @skompa @trumpchicago @trumpnewyork @trumplasvegas @travlandleisure   thanks 
 @tarikan_11 motivation is key so is momentum 
 congratulations to @foxnews for winning november in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows http://t.co/kf88i9e0 
 team trump with the recipients of our donations in the rockaways.  #sandy http://t.co/7liwsd9v 
 @sagethelaxbro  hi sage 
 @tonydabodyguard @seanelmi  i agree--and thanks 
 @adrienne_jensen  thanks 
 @sbowlin1  thanks--you will love it 
 @revrome83 @celebapprentice @bretmichaels you won't be disappointed 
 golf odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named trump international golf links scotland "golf course of the year" 
 always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @mariolopezextra &amp; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday 
 a clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing halle angus and gen. petraeus http://t.co/2rtu6iej 
 back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  our fans will be happy 
 he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. -- sun tzu 
 while derek jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that a-rod is partying all over the country. go derek. @yankees 
  @bbcnews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of bbc.i know personally they do not check for accuracy 
 as a favor to my friends at extra i am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc 
 crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  the opec monopoly must be broken.  they are robbing our country blind 
 it’s thursday.  how much did opec steal from all of us today 
 steven spielberg is a great filmmaker. go see "lincoln." 
 @atrlimo @erictrump  agreed 
 @mjb7  thanks 
 the trump tower restaurant trump grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible a – the food is also great 
 "ivanka trump defends her dad" http://t.co/qxjyuum8 via @politico 
 the countryside party just formed in scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; @alexsalmond. congrats to jim crawford &amp; countryside party 
 scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @alexsalmond is becoming very unpopular 
 "a look at the trump hotel planned for the old post office pavilion" http://t.co/su8ycnbv via @washingtonpost 
 fm @alexsalmond of scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit ryder cup in chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly 
 great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney today—lots of good things can happen 
 jerry finkelstein passed away last night--a great new york mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy 
 @amauryd3  thanks 
 @josephbynature good luck joe 
 my son @erictrump is in memphis at st. jude children’s research hospital 
  where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. eric has a great heart 
 networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a ratings machine! –but time i run a really big company 
 "it’s often necessary to boast but it’s even better if others do it for you. – think like a billionaire 
 "one of the keys to thinking big is total focus. – the art of the deal 
 i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  they are hungry motivated and eager to learn.  proves america can still be great 
 visiting la?  be sure to make a reservation at trump national golf club http://t.co/ijnxp19y the #1 public course in the country 
 "you can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity. -- the way to the top 
 the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. -- peter drucker 
 7 of 10 americans prefer 'merry christmas' over 'happy holidays' http://t.co/xjimd3ku  no surprise 
 pervert alert–serial sexter @repweiner is making another step towards a comeback http://t.co/69urtkyg all girls under 18 should block him 
 gabriel aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. always drama with halle b 
 susan rice is a good woman but pres. o should not taunt the republicans by appointing her s of s 
 get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country 
 be sure to visit the world renowned trump tower atrium to see our holiday decorations.http://t.co/77t7dnhw 
 why do the republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful 
 treasury has refused to name china a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued http://t.co/rhhcxheq 
 i still can’t get over how the republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads 
 i just left the doral in miami--it is going to be amazing!http://t.co/evfqoipq 
 anthony hopkins is a truly great actor--i love everything he does 
 face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. -- @jack_welch 
 "you can benefit from others’ wisdom. not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer. -- the way to the top 
 to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do. -- think big 
 @retrojohnny  thanks 
 @callmemrwayne @realdonaldtrump @debbiegibson  thanks debbie 
 @fromjoachim2you  a great place 
 @utxgent  thanks 
 "it’s more important to be smart than tough. i know businessmen who are brutally tough but they’re not smart. – think like a billionaire 
 @djt_biggest_fan @ivankatrump  ivanka is a great example 
 @fromjoachim2you  congratulations and all the best to you 
 @mselesky @celebapprentice @traceadkins  march 3rd 
 @louiswalshxfact @celebapprentice @traceadkins  they raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it 
 @brainyredhead @celebapprentice @traceadkins thanks--it will be great 
 are you ready for the all star @celebapprentice?  @traceadkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet 
 join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.http://t.co/s3akcvk1 
 "the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. – the art of the deal 
 china just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a u.s. design. http://t.co/judr49kv we should offset the thievery from our debt 
 it's called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about 
 us tourists threaten to boycott scotland over windfarms' http://t.co/iuzpzqyw write to alex salmond: firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk 
 the muslim brotherhood dictator in egypt is bad news.  he will never be our true ally 
 want to know why china is growing?  they can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days http://t.co/dmjmekqr red tape would kill it here 
 with the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property 
 and borrow cheap!  you will thank me someday 
 @nathalies_29  this will be the best season yet..march 3rd is the premiere 
 @paulbocian thanks it was wonderful 
 @shanesgranny thanks and happy holidays 
 @yorkv01  trump tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. enjoy 
 @shanedent  agreed 
 when you’re hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! never let the bastards get you down 
 glad to see my interview with ronald kessler @newsmax_media. hopefully the @gop can get the message 
 @huffingtonpost actually gave me a positive story yesterday 
 rt @newsmax_media:  donald trump: mean-spirited gop won't win elections @realdonaldtrump http://t.co/ez1fdit5 via @newsmax_media 
 wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable bad &amp; expensive energy 
 "you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- think big 
 "take a chance! all life is a chance. the man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare."  -- dale carnegie 
 "a president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him 
  i never felt that i could let up for a moment." -- harry s. truman 
 "democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely 
 glad to see 9 more iraq and afghan war veterans joining the next congress http://t.co/0u2yjbfs  they deserve to be there 
 "think of yourself like a one-man army.  you're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire 
 "in war there is no substitute for victory." -- douglas macarthur 
 windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil http://t.co/yfymnhu9  a 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. outrageous 
 if taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere 
 "most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- the way to the top 
 congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london 
 if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt 
 hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving. but get ready our country is in big trouble 
 my kids never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature 
 the dishonest ny daily news reporter advised my rep in writing "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. a total lie and she knew it 
 the dying ny daily news put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize obama...totally false 
 happy thanksgiving to everyone--i love you all even my many enemies (sometimes!) 
 i also protect myself by being flexible.  i never get too attached to one deal or one approach. – the art of the deal 
 on december 19th the @missuniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc 
 "it does not cost anything to dream.  spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- think big 
 i am having 600 thanksgiving dinners sent to the rockaways--prepared by my wonderful trump grill/trump tower staff. #sandyrelief 
 for those asking my son @erictrump   makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of  $$ all of it for @stjude @erictrumpfdn 
 direct foreign investments continue to flow into china at over $100b a year http://t.co/jtmbtmgw  that's money that could be spent here 
 i hope washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  both sides need to work together 
 pres. obama’s steady support of @israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  he did a good job 
 @latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming all star season of @celebapprentice.  amazing in the boardroom 
 @trumpsoho has just been awarded the aaa five diamond award. congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work 
 "a pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities 
 and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- harry s. truman 
 "we are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction." --  douglas macarthur 
 the holiday season in new york city is a very special time. i love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #trump tower atrium 
 @kabarzombie69   it will be great 
 @kc5yvv  thanks 
 @jixllr  thanks 
 @michaelrubinton work hard 
 @dleagency @michaelphelps  true 
 @mrsaliciaparks  thanks 
 @saygo_p  i am very truthful 
 @manos_panos  love what you do 
 @corene7  thank you 
 @blueprintbullie a great compliment 
 @hkshel  thanks keith 
 "if everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking." --george s. patton 
 obama met with chinese premier wen yesterday http://t.co/lf0hjd7q  and talked trade. the chinese are robbing us blind--be tough 
 france was just stripped of its aaa bond rating.  with the pms radical tax rates 
 expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. the rich are all leaving 
 "the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- douglas macarthur 
 i was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. they only fade when you hit them hard 
 i am going to give @rosie a pass.  @rosie is desperate to get back on tv so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled 
 a must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. http://t.co/3pychhhg 
 the eu just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  i bet they wish they had all that money back 
 even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. think like a billionaire 
 the upcoming all star season of @celebapprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  she doesn’t disappoint 
 "what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big."--think big 
 the @erictrumpfdn is doing amazing work helping the children 
  at st. jude children's research hospital http://t.co/nt2a58ym -- i am proud of you eric 
 flashback – donald trump answers boy’s prayer for new bike http://t.co/pdbaw9z6 via @foxnewsinsider 
 i gave out the male athlete of the year award last night to my friend @michaelphelps—22 olympic medals—a record that will never be broken 
 we should remember that during this entire petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation's bravest have died in afghanistan 
  it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation 
 washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  if taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts 
 "don't go around saying the world owes you a living. the world owes you nothing. it was here first. " -- mark twain 
 we are fully supportive of @israel's right to defend itself. -- @barackobama--very good i like it 
 remember victims of hurricane sandy  during thanksgiving. many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.their lives are in turmoil 
 @bluecollar96 dummy--i never went bankrupt 
 petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.  http://t.co/zkjexyr9  smart.  always negotiate when you are a hot commodity 
 the world bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ http://t.co/wz9ofqxj  and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective 
 "don't take vacations.  what's the point?  if you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job."  -- think like a billionaire 
 rapper mac miller's song "donald trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. he owes me big 
 reports are out there that many ceos of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little 
  ...do your research before donating this holiday season 
 @unicef caryl m. stern ceo is driving around in a rolls royce 
 while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed 
 @redcross ceo’s salary in 2011 was $951957. where is the outrage 
 all because of me- people don’t care about you cher. "@cher my week on twitter 1k retweets  29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions." 
 the hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make 
 does anyone really believe that president obama found out about petraeus immediately after the election 
 everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for pr--sorry but i must. it's my nature 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing the benghazi cover-up hostess' closing &amp; celebrating thanksgiving with family  http://t.co/w4yrpth0 
 @chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--i have less interest in you than andre 
 @chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better 
 it makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which i never have!) 
 the mar-a-lago club in palm beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling 
 @realdonaldtrump @laurenscruggs lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration 
 @laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show 
 now china is trying to take over a u.s. airbase http://t.co/vxzix4kr  this is only the beginning. they only understand toughness 
 much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation. – the art of the deal 
 with the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. gold silver &amp; timber will spike-- also certain real estate 
 fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the president and congress---washington must come together and make a deal 
 trump could be great friend if ‘second amendment’ enthusiasm is real http://t.co/jathck7j via @sfluxe 
 congratulations to @mets @radickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award 
 "i have an open door policy for my employees. i'm accessible because i like to know what's going on." -- the midas touch 
 @laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show 
 "a house divided against itself cannot stand." --abraham lincoln 
 president obama we need to protect our closest ally israel. the situation in the middle east is at a tipping point 
 @korkyelmst  you are very nice thank you 
 @traderexpert  thanks 
 @amanda_berens  true 
 @dxerebl  they must actually like me 
 @emc_xoxo thanks 
 @nylandermax  thanks 
 @briannaturano good 
 @jenke2501  i understand your message 
 @rcvenables it is thanks 
 if the government doesn't start working together the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff."  we need to avoid this 
 with our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an all-time low against the chinese yuan. time for our gov't to work together 
 all our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. – walt disney 
 "don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt." – think like a billionaire 
 yesterday the christmas tree arrived at rockefeller plaza.  an iconic event for new york 
 "donald trump's guns" by @emilymiller @washtimes http://t.co/e0lzzfdh 
 golf bookings for next season on scottish course are already double our projections for april opening—great news... http://t.co/jn1vibom 
 announced 3 years ago that scottish course would close in winter like kingsbarns and others--too cold 
 @mllemariani  i agree 
 our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there 
 @rcthompson01 @cher   i agree 
 @robertcherry1  fantastic 
 @statereform @macys  you sound great 
 @kimberlyykitten  interesting 
 @pehbho  i will paul thanks 
 @snugglebun31  i did--thanks for remembering 
 @jsunday72  thank you joey 
 @erekclementson thanks erek 
 just signed contract to purchase the ritz carlton in jupiter florida--great land great location great future 
 @cher old story one of which i publicly disapproved. my sons love hunting i don’t 
 @wendywilliams thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated 
 @riggs_deb @erictrump  i agree he is amazing 
 @relmark thanks mark 
 @guitartrashjb  thanks 
 busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs 
 social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day 
 a former classmate roy eaton has published a great book makers shakers &amp; takers – check it out  http://t.co/txh2c5ov 
 obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of obama care http://t.co/ovieudqw  the new reality 
 trump towers istanbul sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks  http://t.co/uxsinxsr 
 the blue monster at trump national doral. http://t.co/z4e2hecp 
 "i never did give anybody hell. i just told the truth and they thought it was hell."--harry s. truman 
 had a great time going over renovations for trump national doral this past weekend. it is going to be amazing. http://t.co/txcibkua 
 to aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder 
 celebrate 2013 @trumpsoho with downtown's nicest #nye party. get your tickets now: http://t.co/ugbcamck 
 gen. petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi. i will be watching 
 help those affected by #sandy. @trumpsoho is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @redcross for #sandyrelief. http://t.co/3mckzedp 
 "you can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal 
 the upcoming record 13th season of @celebapprentice is going to be very special.  our production team's ingenuity is amazing 
 the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. – vince lombardi 
 @krnspeech @celebapprentice @donaldjtrumpjr   sunday march 3--thanks 
 @jackmarkou @celebapprentice @piersmorgan  he is on and he's great 
 @natrat86  don't be scared--we will come back 
 "first of all you don't necessarily need the best location.  what you need is the best deal." -- the art of the deal 
 it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them 
 @cher--i don’t wear a rug—it’s mine. and i promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work 
 general petreus and his family are paying a big price 
 @cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career 
 paula broadwell's book on gen. petreus is titled "all in." did she know something 
 our $17t national debt and $1t yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order 
 don't forget benghazi 
 the sex scandal at the cia and pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute 
 after friday’s twilight release i hope robert pattinson will not be seen in public with kristen--she will cheat on him again 
 @maddow  standing in front of wind turbines is sad. rachel windmills are terrible for the environment— 
 they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines. they are obsolete! @maddow 
 my fragrance--"success"-- is flying off the shelves @macys. the perfect christmas gift 
 @davidaxelrod  david--thank you my great honor for a very worthy cause 
 strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective. -- andrew mellon 
 scary – in the past 90 days obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens http://t.co/fbyjmjtv terrible for the economy 
 no surprise that @bbc is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility 
 how come every time i show anger disgust or impatience enemies say i had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people 
 businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to obama care.  reality is setting in 
 surprise-in a post-election delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high http://t.co/p3qdhino 
 yesterday was veterans day.  i hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  this nation loves and respects all of you 
 we just passed 1.9m followers &amp; gained over 250000 followers in the last month.thank you--let's have fun and do business 
 when someone attacks me i always attack back...except 100x more. this has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life 
 i am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. whenever i tweet some call it a tirade..totally dishonest 
 trump international golf links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.  
 the people of scotland love trump international golf links 
 aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great scottish golf club.  
 many political pundits are using the term "art of the deal".... they should thank me. that is my term and book title 
 "never ever quit never give up" - donald j. trump the art of the deal 
 thanks- many are saying i'm the best 140 character writer in the world. it's easy when it's fun 
 i love twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses 
 i'm a skeptical guy but i don't believe petraeus used this to get out of the benghazi hearings 
 wow  i never saw the petraeus thing coming. a straight laced guy! very sad for him and his family 
 i just passed a 10 block long gas line going to lga airport a terrible situation 
 everybody wants me to talk about robert pattinson and not brian williams—i guess people just don’t care about brian 
 she’s baaack! @rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. but it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp; no persona. too many tv cancellations 
 price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world 
 it’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in nyc. opec is laughing all the way to the bank 
 @cyndilauper condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes 
 @antbaxter only the stupid @bbc would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble 
 @antbaxter  anthony—did you illegally take clips from the letterman @late_show show and @golfchannel without their approval 
 @antbaxter  i predict somebody is going to sue you 
 @antbaxter dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp; aberdeen seeing big benefits 
 @antbaxter—heard your documentary cost you less than $3000 to make—where did you get that kind of money 
 @antbaxter—your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage 
 why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies 
 @antbaxter @salon @antbaxter—apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop 
 9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last &amp; yet the republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong 
 i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country 
 i received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in trump tower during sandy. it was my pleasure to help 
 robert pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of twilight. he took my advice on kristen stewart...i hope 
 the election was a major setback for economy. all young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate obama's policies into their investments 
 of the 9 battleground states we only carried north carolina. i'm proud of @ncgop &amp; glad i delivered keynote at their state convention 
 remember to watch the series finale of "the men who built america" this sunday at 8/7c on @history 
 polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous 
 romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in florida and ohio &amp; he would be president 
 remember to watch the series finale of "the men who built america" this sunday at 8/7c on @history 
 china is heavily investing in building its own jet engine http://t.co/qtycvpuc  they will end up stealing the design from us as usual 
 china's submarines will soon be carrying nukes http://t.co/ox6jynqe  they will be sent to patrol our coasts obama won't do anything 
 china's communist party has now publicly praised obama's reelection.  they have never had it so good.  will own america soon 
 at the end of the day obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. this was a winnable race.  gop needs to do better 
 with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can.  can get a great deal 
 @davidaxelrod i'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @ivankatrump says hi 
 no surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating obama's win.  they love a weak america that they can rip off 
 obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects us credit downgraded again http://t.co/v7rwpt0p thanks for letting us know now 
 i will and i agree! rt @zacharyquinto@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead? 
 i started to get very worried about mitt's chances when i heard that a-rod donated to his campaign. everything a-rod touches turns bad 
 russian leaders are publicly celebrating obama's reelection.  they can't wait to see how flexible obama will be now 
 it is that time of the year.  the trump wollman skating rink is open to the public in central park.  the greatest ice rink in the country 
 letterman @late_show had brian williams @nbcnightlynews as guest last night i was on last thursday 
 i  trounced him in ratings &amp; letterman beat @jayleno last thursday. brian—are you irrelevant 
 tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused 
 a test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @abc (other than his bad ratings) 
 @hardball_chris says he’s glad we had a hurricane! with many people dying and thousands hurting msnbc (cont) http://t.co/snhgmaoq 
 thank you to joe passov (travelin’ joe) of golf magazine for the great article… http://t.co/dqshbwvw http://t.co/gt1eazgv 
 a man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. -- j. p. morgan 
 now that the election is over watch chrysler ship @jeep production to china--my prediction 
 it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  we will fight on 
 beijing had a bigger celebration than chicago last night.  the chinese are happier with the election than we are 
 the stock market and us dollar are both plunging today.  welcome to @barackobama’s second term 
 congrats to @karlrove on blowing $400 million this cycle. every race @crossroadsgps ran ads in the republicans lost. what a waste of money 
 millions without electricity across ny &amp; nj. the media has covered for obama’s massive failure. can you imagine if this was another pres 
 pervert alert.  @repweiner is back on twitter. all girls under the age of 18 block him immediately 
 amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... http://t.co/ekatfj5l 
 it's freezing and snowing in new york--we need global warming 
 we have to make america great again 
 our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together 
 another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it 
 this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow 
 brian if i'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @nbcnightlynews 
 brian williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. people will learn the truth! @nbcnightlynews 
 brian i hope @nbcnightlynews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news 
 brian--thanks dummy--i picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. cable news just passed you in the ratings. @nbcnightlynews 
 the voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error 
 @bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings 
 the only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show rock center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster 
 @bwilliams knows that i think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night 
 trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit rockaways residents #sandy 
 i’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of queens today #trumpcares 
 p.s. 42 in queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for rockaway residents #hurricanesandyrelief 
 house of representatives shouldn't give anything to obama unless he terminates obamacare 
 hopefully the house of representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up 
 the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy 
 our nation is a once great nation divided 
 our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before 
 this election is a total sham and a travesty. we are not a democracy 
 lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! the world is laughing at us 
 we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided 
 well back to the drawing board 
 @dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on access hollywood. you are a great person and talent...i adore you 
 "truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." --george washington 
 whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. our work is not done until america is strong again 
 @mrbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "law and order?" 
 i love show "law and order" but the @mrbelzer casting is the worst ever. no talent--unwatchable 
 i have had the pleasure of getting to know @anndromney &amp; @mittromney this past year. they love america. let's push them over the top today 
 do we still want a president who bows to the saudis and lets opec rip us off? make america strong vote for @mittromney 
 the federal gov. has handled sandy worse than katrina. there is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet 
 @abfalecbaldwin  alec--it's not science it's a con--read the e-mails 
 the federal gov. has handled sandy worse than katrina.  there is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet 
 @tappersong  thanks gary 
 obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't 
 watch obama refuse to call benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 http://t.co/hy6o6r8f what took @cbs so long to release this footage 
 if you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from obama supporters make sure you report it immediately 
 now chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market http://t.co/0fn95eo0  china wants to deplete our resources here at home 
 yesterday obama campaigned with jayz &amp; springsteen while hurricane sandy victims across ny &amp; nj are still decimated by sandy.  wrong 
 make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. if you have any problems notify the poll workers 
 more reports of voting machines switching romney votes to obama. pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen 
 change can’t be measured in speeches.  it is measured in achievements. -- @mittromney yesterday in fairfax va 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between mitt &amp; obama &amp; the fiscal cliff http://t.co/0bhyrqgo 
 save medicare.  vote for @mittromney.  he will repeal obamacare on day one 
 very dangerous pattern developing across country by obama supporters.  detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun http://t.co/xfjiqt6g 
 make sure to vote today.  vote for real change.  change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong america.  vote for @mittromney 
 the new black panthers are back at the same philly polling station from '08 http://t.co/libmcvds  don't let them intimidate you 
 in the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years 
 the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make u.s. manufacturing non-competitive 
 watch this behind the scenes video of @ivankatrump's fall 2012 collection photo shoot- http://t.co/y7nkj5oh 
 me voting--- it really is my hair! http://t.co/cbzzvesc 
 @ngen52  i never went bankrupt 
 @jtylerdowling   thanks 
 @spencerljackson  yes 
 remember: obama turned down $5m to charity which i said i would increase by 10x to $50m--just to show simple records. he's hiding lots 
 "if you voted for obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." thanks walter d 
 the apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations donald 
 despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin time magazine looks like an ad for the movie lincoln--sad 
 before you vote think: obama wants to raise taxes @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more 
 why is obama playing basketball today? that is why our country is in trouble 
 i was invited to be with mitt romney tonight --- win lose or draw i’ll be there 
 answer to your questions- i will be voting at 10:30 am at lighthouse international 110 east 60th street manhattan 
 go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time 
 tune in for #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning 
 benghazi is bigger than watergate.  don’t let obama get away with allowing americans to die.  kick him out of office tomorrow 
 the outer boroughs of manhattan are still devasted by sandy. how would the press cover this if a republican was president 
 china is worried. the polls are trending for @mittromney. they won’t be able to steal from us anymore 
 @abfalecbaldwin  p.s. your brother @stephenbaldwin7 is doing very well on @apprenticenbc--and he stated he "adores you." 
 @abfalecbaldwin  they were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity 
 voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote 
 tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  make america strong again.  vote for @mittromney 
 @mcuban ---- do you mean the president's birthplace 
 @mcuban letterman @late_show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. people don't care about mark cuban 
 after 13 seasons @apprenticenbc easily beat shark tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well 
 @mcuban shark tank was shoved to friday evening-- friday is considered dead television. besides you are not the star (&amp; never will be) 
 obama just stated "it's always good to ignore donald trump." i state he is right especially when the truth is against him 
 @mcuban baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but i don’t think you have the money anyway 
 "i believe in the america that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself." -- @mittromney 11.2.12 
 via @wsj: a new direction for america by @mittromney 
 obama is angry frustrated and desperate.  he said voting is the best revenge http://t.co/hfqigrdb  he is divisive 
 @ojmart  thank you 
 @acman84  true 
 like al sharpton @donnydeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted 
 don't believe chrysler (if obama wins)--see how fast @jeep production will be moved to china--and i'll be watching 
 @mcuban when apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with the benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @abc 
 only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? offer me real money and i’d consider it. your team and networks lose so much money i doubt you have much left 
 dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself 
 in ’08 america voted for hope &amp; change.  instead we got incompetency.  now it is time to put a real job creator in office. vote 4 mitt 
 obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75x faster than job production http://t.co/vmjy9xjj  we can't afford 4 more years 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsday’s endorsement of @mittromney tomorrow's election and sandy's victims http://t.co/j2j4mjhx 
 nice mention by brian kelly http://t.co/xflddwzz conservative action alerts 
 we can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. china is thrilled with us 
 great article in the @newyorkpost by ben garrett--"don't blame sandy on global warming" http://t.co/o2vhhpoa 
 it’s extremely cold in ny &amp; nj—not good for flood victims. where is global warming 
 get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- http://t.co/thv9mu8e 
 thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @hollywoodreporter  http://t.co/3kii0xln 
 @cnn is looking at jeff zucker to lead them out of the forest--jeff would be a great choice 
 remember go vote--we need real change this time 
 @lorrainejuliet @edltrobinson @floridajayhawk @hannityshow  must be careful &amp; smart 
 @ewim55 then he wouldn't be president 
 @tricketttweeter  no his facts are very bad for him 
 @eheinlen yes 
 @ralphreed is doing a great job 
 "this is a time for big ideas. this is a time for real reform for a real recovery." -- @paulryanvp 
 remember when you vote obamacare is a disaster 
 @mittromney will turn this mess around 
 make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney 
 trump hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it 
 gary johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney 
 we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote 
 obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years 
 undecideds in ohpa and wi will make the difference. all should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under obama 
 pennsylvania is in play @mittromney. all undecideds in philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @israel 
 i think @thereval should take this challenge. axelrod was too scared. rt: @ronkaufmanintrn: kaufstache vs. sharpstache 
 in the heart of the city trump international toronto is the city's most elite property http://t.co/vpxsmj4z  true luxury at its finest 
 considering obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  another 4 years of legislative stalemate 
 members from obama's own job council are endorsing @mittromney http://t.co/myt6zbmi  not surprising 
 concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding http://t.co/nuzgmikt obama's policies are unsustainable 
 castro chavez and ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  they are praying obama wins 
 obama promised 5.2% unemployment by october 2012.  his promises are worthless 
 "go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther." -- j.p. morgan 
 make sure to catch @history’s season finale of the men who built america on sun november 11th.  great show 
 reality tv’s #1 bad girl @omarosa is back on the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice.   she is great as always 
 could be the hurricane helps @mittromney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline 
 a wonderful place. http://t.co/utlz9mtv 
 global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked http://t.co/5beahats 
 obama has destroyed the middle class.  in ’09 median household income was $55198.  now it is $50678.  four more years 
 i have an idea for a-rod---buy a home at @trumpgolfla overlooking the pacific--will bring you better luck 
 a-rod is now looking for an expensive home in beverly hills--why aren't the @yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation 
 @eagles should sit michael vick. he is a great athlete but less than average quarterback 
 obama our welfare &amp; food stamp president is praising himself for expanding welfare http://t.co/caounjt0  he doesn't believe in work 
 "we don't need a secretary of business to understand business we need a president who understands business and i do" -- @mittromney 
 unemployment is now 7.9%.  four years and $6.5t later that is really bad 
 how about president obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction 
 interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for obama's reelection because of his grandstanding 
 people are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country 
 i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island &amp; long island 
 @thereval came to my trump tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice apology accepted 
 @barbarajwalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly i won't be able to do it 
 @ralphgilles of chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional 
 we should not allow @chrysler to move @jeep jobs to china after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned 
 @chrysler disputes my statement--but watch chrysler move @jeep jobs to china after the election 
 with long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for obama 
 it was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for obama 
 next year i will be changing the name of 800 acre doral to trump national doral. it will be the best resort in the country—miami is hot 
 i will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairness—many people asking for this 
 how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi?  and he continues to lie to the public 
 what is your thought as to why obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications 
 nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy.  how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi 
 everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say 
 if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused 
 my video response to president obama's lack of transparency. http://t.co/ok9spic7 
 press release. video response to follow. http://t.co/3xz74ipi 
 i will soon be releasing my response to the fact that president obama refused to show his applications and records to the public 
 president obama missed the deadline 
 obama is a terrible negotiator. he bails out chrysler and now chrysler wants to send all jeep manufacturing to china--and will 
 why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china?  he is ruining american industry 
 to all @mittromney supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day 
 romney’s $2 billion sacrifice for america by chris ruddy @newsmax_media http://t.co/zldynma1 
 you know the world is crazy when new york gets hit by a hurricane-- and florida doesn't 
 let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. china is so happy 
 do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane 
 from 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast 
 it's 10 am: two hours to go for obama to easily pick up millions for charity 
 "the successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- dale carnegie 
 @stass13 thanks 
 obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a president--give me a break 
 a lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5m will be donated to.  the onus is on obama to first release his records 
 president obama if it is important to you i will substantially increase the $5m offer 
 president obama please take the $5m check for charity tomorrow. it is so easy and could do so much good 
 thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the trump tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #sandy. my honor 
 congratulations to @mittromney on getting the @dmregister @newyorkpost @newyorkobserver &amp; @nashuatelegraph endorsements 
 spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @celebapprentice 
 #trump international reality will be america’s premiere real estate brokerage house http://t.co/joobdhfu  w/ the most distinctive services 
 how does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. you'd think @hbo could do a lot better 
 a lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with obama’s lack of transparency. i don't blame them 
 there is nothing i would be happier to do than to donate the $5m to a charity of obama’s choice once he releases all of his records 
 looking at the figures and plans behind @disney's acquisition of lucas film makes you realize how stupid @aol (cont) http://t.co/ro04rzdp 
 @disney's acquisition of lucas film is a smart deal for both sides.  disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue 
 in the spirit of transparency obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of tyrone woods pleading for military support in benghazi 
 today barack obama is standing in water in nj. remember on election day that he has put the us underwater 
 how many illegal foreign donations will obama collect this final week? another scandal ignored by the liberal media. http://t.co/exjyigeb 
 congratulations kevin gabriel on your amazing article. if i were a journalist this would be the next watergate and i would be a star 
 an amazing article by kevin gabriel-  http://t.co/yt7lpume a must read by friends and foes of president obama. end date is tomorrow at noon 
 @oreillyfactor called me a "master marketeer" last night--i am not. i am a great builder--i build great things &amp; people come 
 part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @celebapprentice spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 miss universe pageant http://t.co/8o8nz1pd 
 part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5m offer to obama #trump tower atrium my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane http://t.co/avlo9inf 
 kevin garnett's response to ray allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. a champion 
 i was standing with @shaq when a young high school star kevin garnett @celtics said to a crowd "forget shaq i want to meet donald trump." 
 watch the clip from @late_show where the crowd cheers after i explain that my offer is about transparency http://t.co/02abdsha 
 i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go 
 the president has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5m for his favorite charity. looking like he won't be doing it. what is he hiding 
 watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon.photo: lloyd bishop/nbc http://t.co/p8yjrmqh 
 the polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards @mittromney. don't let the hurricane change your thinking 
 fans shouldn't worry.  we have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @celebapprentice appropriately due to the storm 
 china’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses http://t.co/lfatjhuf their market gains the day we are hit by storm 
 maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm 
 scary.  obama and the democrat senate have accrued over $5t worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years 
 people are happy that i left the trump tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. http://t.co/lyxcvaol 
 why does obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? hiding something 
 @digiphile @redcross rt if you think pres.obama should release his records to get $5m for charity--for red cross or another great charity 
 glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the grammy nominations special on 12.5.  taylor is terrific 
 let’s be honest if obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in ohio on monday 
 how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi 
 "without focus it's just impossible to be successful at anything." --midas touch 
 i never fall for scams.  i am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘ali g’ interview 
 another great cause obama could send my $5m donation to is a charity for 9/11 first responders. they are american heroes 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the 57th st. crane damage from the storm and extending my $5m offer to obama http://t.co/ebuofuw0 
 my @extratv interview before hurricane sandy explaining that i would be staying in trump tower during the storm http://t.co/lz7tturd 
 these last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% gdp. obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in american history 
 the election is trending towards @mittromney. americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline 
 so many incredible friends said thanks for tt help --- i say thanks to you! http://t.co/0tf8pm0n 
 the trump tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks staff 
 remember this: obama wants to raise taxes @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more 
 don't let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states 
 people having a great time in the trump tower atrium ---   unlike others i stayed open. http://t.co/onelqemc 
 i am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap i would have been lambasted from coast to coast 
 because of the hurricane i am extending my 5 million dollar offer for president obama's favorite charity until 12pm on thursday 
 not only giving out money but obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real president --- don't fall for it 
 hurricane is good luck for obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars 
 i saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm 
 the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse 
 all weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below move out 
 if authorities need direct view from top of trump tower call office 
 direct view of crane from apartment window. crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze. http://t.co/fhvefzd9 
 we are taking care of hundreds of people in the trump tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. free coffee and food 
 so far the hurricane is being handled very well in ny not nearly as bad as stated on news. let's see what happens later 
 many people walked out on madonna's concert when she told them to vote for obama. years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible 
 i always said obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. the storm could be very good for him as he (cont) http://t.co/bbbpnyfy 
 obama lied 100% about libya and the killings--emails are absolute. he must release his records on wednesday and stop the lies 
 dave letterman @late_show said during my interview that obama was "probably" born in the us--the word "probably" is a disaster for obama 
 i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go 
 what people don't know about @billmaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) http://t.co/emsjd6kp 
 i guess @billmaher saw my ratings on the @late_show the other night where letterman beat leno. bill you are no letterman 
 while @bettemidler is an extremely unattractive woman i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct 
 @bettemidler talks about my hair but i'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so i won't. is this a double standard 
 many people are saying that my challenge to obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- i agree 
 a lot changed when david letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for obama 
 @johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. but the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. fight on john 
 @bernardmcguirk. that's more than o'reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. you're terrific 
 @bernard mcguirk thanks for being so nice and defending me on o'reilly...you're terrific 
 alert...the president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in benghazi. he did nothing...he is no leader 
 @donnydeutsch tries so hard to be a star. but he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will 
 i put @donnydeutsch on apprentice at his request i did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my obama announcement 
 i want to end the day by saying there is no check i would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our president 
 the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone 
 before star jones begged me to put her on the apprentice she was professionally dead. i saved her tiny... http://t.co/ari9kzf4 
 i hear they are very unhappy w/ arianna and @huffingtonpost at @aol. i’ll bet she won’t be there for long 
 "donald trump tells @theblaze about his obama announcement: passport applications tell you a lot" http://t.co/fasvk6gf by @billyhallowell 
 watch obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. no one approves (cont) http://t.co/9ttwqfli 
 if obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say 
 if my offer is refused every undecided oh voter will be fully aware that obama denied $5m to charity all because he is hiding something 
 barack obama has everything to gain. why would anyone ever deny $5m to charity 
 great! last night @celebapprentice winner @johnrich &amp; alumni @realmeatloaf packed oh stadium rallying w/ @mittromney http://t.co/tuck91xe 
 "donald trump defends his "big" obama bombshell: 'it's not a publicity stunt'" http://t.co/ky2wgyz4 via @eonline 
 sarah jessica parker voted unsexiest woman alive – i agree. she said it’s beneath me to comment on the... http://t.co/1ygo1bnf 
 i have decided to add a caveat to my offer. obama can't decide to send my $5m to rev. wright if he releases his records 
 my fellow tea party friends in ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can gotv election day. know you can! must win ohio 
 where's the transparency? despite obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with jeremiah wright 
 looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's dutchess county #gop dinner--to a sold out crowd. it will be great fun 
 pretty audacious for obama to call @mittromney a bser when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write 
 by the way where is @oprah? good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported obama--now she is silent. anyway who cares i adore oprah 
 colin powell thought iraq has weapons of mass destruction 
 obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. the middle east is a mess. yet colin powell still endorses him. wonder why 
 be careful of an obama "bomb" to win election! would be a horrible thing to do 
 the election is still close but trending toward @mittromney. he leads all national polls and obama's likeability is imploding. vote 
 wow! letterman show @late_show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? djt 
 one of my many twitter followers suggested obama should take my offer &amp; give $1250000 to each family of the four... http://t.co/tmphmsy7 
 watch me explain on the @late_show how my charitable offer to obama changes the election and is about transparency http://t.co/ublnbpat 
 a clip from last night's @late_show where i detail my charitable offer to obama and dave describes his terrible grades http://t.co/02abdsha 
 @crushthespirit  true 
 what a dumb mistake aol made buying the @huffingtonpost. how much longer will arianna last--i predict not much 
 @mikempef thanks i hope you enjoyed it had a great time 
 @destiny_113 @stephenathome  i agree 
 @maureenperonne @late_show  thanks it was a great show 
 @mrjmf1 @late_show thanks i will 
 stupid arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great nytimes business section 
 a real loser named tim o'brien--and it's never recovered 
 dopey arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but i hear she is in big trouble 
 i knew last year that @time magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their top 100 
  i will soon start naming magazines that i think will fold--i predicted newsweek 
 @yewkalaylee  great idea 
 @seketa77  i hope so for the charity's sake 
 @tylarreese thanks tylar 
 the letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... http://t.co/fjvywwr4 
 @lianneonlife i love the wounded warriors--obama should choose that as his $5m charity 
 @ryanseven sounds like a good idea 
 @erizzle05  only because he has something to hide 
 @sabrinasiddiqui  re: taylor and conor--great news for taylor 
 based on the ovation last night from the letterman @late_show audience i believe it will be hard for obama to throw $5m down the drain 
 instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause 
 another great charity that the $5m could go to just a recommendation to the pres. - the wounded warriors represented so well by @traceadkins 
 lots of response that obama should give the $5m to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in benghazi 
 letterman @late_show was great last night. i had a lot of fun. you could see his audience really wanted obama to take the $ for charity 
 "the dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants." --the america we deserve 
 it is really a shame that barack obama may stop $5m from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent 
 doing david letterman @late_show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of sweeps.going into the lion's den but i've been there many times before. enjoy 
 six days and counting until my offer to barack obama expires 
 for someone who demanded 20 years of mitt's tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5m to charity for his records is an easy go 
 yesterday barack obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in china" http://t.co/fe2gkslg i don't think this was a gaffe 
 china is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports http://t.co/eshzeqgz  we need @mittromney to rein them in 
 i hope derek jeter’s recovery is going well.  he is a very special player and a great guy.  new york loves him. @yankees 
 "trump offers to donate $5 million to charity if obama releases college transcripts" http://t.co/8l3bpzf6 via @rcpvideo 
 @politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting 
 what will be the response on wednesday? if obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity 
 @michellemalkin i fully supported mccain but when he lost hoped obama would be great for u.s. --- he wasn't 
 @mark_sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over @evalongoria.  he will always do great 
 i am offering the chance for barack obama to redistribute $5m to any charity of his choice.  everyone wins.  take the deal 
 our side needs donald trump. -- @anncoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night.  thanks ann 
 @barbarajwalters @theviewtv--why did you choose me as one of the 10 most fascinating people of the year last season (and more than once?) 
 @barbarajwalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when i was right about @rosie. besides i get great ratings on the view 
 @barbarajwalters @theviewtv  barbara unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it 
 still waiting for an explanation about why @giulianarancic &amp; @billrancic did not name their son donald.  unbelievable 
 miss universe 2012 pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp; @telemundo december 19th. open invite stands for robert pattinson 
 excited to announce that @giulianarancic &amp; @bravoandy will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant. great ratings for miss universe 
 how does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? she is a dummy--just look at her past 
 i am happy to have started #obamasfavoritecharity. really enjoying reading everyone's tweets 
 my @gretawire interview discussing my $5m charitable offer to obama his lack of transparency &amp; my tremendous support http://t.co/vwcygf7f 
 "trump’s big announcement: he’ll give $5 million to charity of obama’s choice if..." http://t.co/nnruiikv by @billyhallowell @theblaze 
 "donald trump announcement: $5 million for obama college records" http://t.co/6u4mlrts  via @newsmax_media 
 "trump offers $5 million for obama college passport records" http://t.co/9bnncx4v  by @alexpappasdc @dailycaller 
 just stated by a total pro: "you are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking." 
 glad to hear north carolina is solid for @mittromney.  it started trending for mitt solidly after my speech at the @ncgop convention 
 in light the benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american public 
  by releasing his records he can come clean with the american people and have $5 million go to a charity 
 obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  why can't he release his records?  especially when $5m is going to charity 
 i am happy to donate $5 million to a charity barack obama chooses.  all i am asking is that he is transparent with the american people 
 rt @apcampaign:trump to obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records http://t.co/cn8bn9lh #election2012 
 i just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. a puppet of obama 
 glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to obama.  as sean says it is an easy $5 million to charity.  what does obama have to lose 
 third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive 
 my offer to obama is about transparency. in 2008 american people were sold on hope and change. this our last chance to get the full record 
 rt @reuterspolitics: trump to give $5 million to charity if obama releases records http://t.co/xcqbr1j2 
 virtually all presidents and candidates including john mccain bill clinton george h.w. bush and george w. bush... http://t.co/v6vjbfzt 
 the response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! thank you 
 as stated here is the press release. http://t.co/fjnq2ijw 
 you have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12:15. http://t.co/fxrjjtdp 
 all predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  stay tuned 
 story will be released today at 12 noon est on twitter and facebook 
 "invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- sun tzu 
 this is not a media event or about donald j. trump--- this is about the united states of america. i will be... http://t.co/rxtnzi1o 
 this is not a media event or about donald j. trump--- this is about the united states of america. i will be (cont) http://t.co/vk0jpab5 
 if you like having the world collapse and being told america is leading from behind--vote obama 
 no wonder @bbc is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost 
 @bbc should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course 
 that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..." 
 thank you to @dailytelegraph reviewer @neilmidgley who stated "'you've been trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters 
 @bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. i only wish mitt was more aggressive 
 everyone is asking me to speak more on robert &amp; kristen.i don't have time except to say "robert drop her she cheated on you &amp; will again!" 
 last night was the first time obama said "we" instead of "i" in respect to bin laden's killing 
 barack obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after bin laden--- now he wants all of the credit 
 my announcement is tomorrow 
 tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject 
 china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own 
 mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin laden’s killing not the president 
 @mittromney should have been more aggressive last night. yet some polls have him winning the debate 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing last night’s presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement http://t.co/jwuxpmep 
 the military and navy seals should be given more credit for bin laden's death not obama who works hard to take (cont) http://t.co/awn3f7ts 
 when the military informed obama that they had bin laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "ok go get him" 
 doesn't the us have better things to do than to destroy an american hero for the world to see? now other (cont) http://t.co/urryw3uf 
 lance armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. very sad story--although they caught him red handed.he definitely cheated 
 "casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view." -- steven spielberg 
 no matter what happens in the election @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it even with his terrible record 
 i always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. by stopping he gave his enemies an opening 
 70% of the chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago http://t.co/pvppyf8l  at least someone has done well under obama 
 the debate was pretty even but i thought mitt should have been much more aggressive on obama's failed foreign policy-- and i mean much more 
 debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. viewership will be way down 
 i will be doing @squawkcnbc at 7:30 
 stop congratulating obama for killing bin laden. the navy seals killed bin laden. #debate 
 @mittromney looks much calmer and obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward 
 bob schieffer will do a great job tonight. always treated me fairly 
 well this is it the final debate- let's see how it goes. i'll be tweeting live 
 former obama white house economic adviser @austan_goolsbee gave his old boss a 'c' on the economy http://t.co/6rzfgjmm  pretty generous 
 why don't we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden? they don't seem to be happy with obama claiming credit. all he did is say o.k 
 i look forward to @mittromney hitting obama hard tonight for lying about benghazi. cia told obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs 
 everybody is asking about my announcement this wednesday concerning barack obama---just wait and see 
 everyone knows i am right that robert pattinson should dump kristen stewart. in a couple of years he will thank me. be smart robert 
 obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@mittromney has many openings to attack especially when obama starts bragging about bin laden 
 "this is my last election. after my election i have more flexibility." obama to @medvedevrussiae discussing our nuclear arsenal 
 obama planted that @nytimes story on iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. he wants libya and china off the table 
 the brass in #trump tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. i keep the atrium impeccable. key to its success 
 @toure i felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @piersmorgan. he drove you insane but of course piers is a lot smarter than you 
 my son don and his wife vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named spencer frederick --very thrilling 
 i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy 
 don't let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful republicans 
 @toure when you are fired from msnbc for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello 
 autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. we lose nothing to try 
 lots of autism and vaccine response. stop these massive doses immediately. go back to single spread out shots! what do we have to lose 
 via @politico: "donald trump claims barack obama bombshell" http://t.co/7uzel9a0 
 stay tuned for my big obama announcement--- probably on wednesday.  
 people are going crazy with my comments on diet coke (soda). let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. it makes you hungry 
 obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable 
 i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight 
 derek get well soon the @yankees need youl 
 gas prices are at crazy levels--fire obama 
 "they succeed because they think they can." -- virgil 
 don butler and executives are doing a great job at @cadillac--- the cars are fantastic 
 the biggest problem with a-rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the yankees--- he must go 
 fort hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. respect the wounded and dead 
 good luck to derek on his operation. i know it will be a success--- he is a great champion 
 derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. it will be lucky for him like in past 
 derek jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in trump world tower 
 7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.real unemployment is at least 15% 
 @mittromney's @rnc convention came in over $3m under budget.  barack’s @dnc convention is over $10m in debt.  what a surprise 
 no surprise welfare spending is up over 30% under obama. http://t.co/phreg2cj  he is the food stamp &amp; welfare "king" 
 can't wait for @vanityfair to fold which under graydon carter will be sooner rather than later 
 @vanityfair's terrible piece on mitt's faith is a new low even for them 
 where were all the @vanityfair exposes on "when rev. wright disciples go to washington?"  sad 
 follow @melaniatrump's jewelry line on @qvc site http://t.co/piyd3htt 
 rev. @billygraham is a great man and so is his son franklin graham 
 rev.@billygraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the christian community on @mittromney 
 both barack and @mittromney were excellent at the al smith dinner last night 
 a lot of the @yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. they are lucky they don't have to deal with george steinbrenner 
 i hope @boyscouts of america handle their problems a lot better than the board at penn state did. you can't do any worse 
 @rginn_1 toledo is a great place--i've been there &amp; worked in cincinnati for 2 years--i love ohio 
 @rickythebitch @ladygaga i think gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my miss universe pageant in vietnam/6 yrs ago should give me 25% 
 newly released nh poll has @mittromney with a 1 point lead. mitt will pull away next week 
 obama has called libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." just come clean already--tell americans the truth 
 maybe derek jeter should ask a-rod about renting his apartment next year. very soon a-rod won't need a place in nyc 
 yes--i will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming monday 
 via @craveonline: "donald trump is not a-rod fan http://t.co/dqcwmxk8 
 @stu120 no sadly not even close 
 my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud http://t.co/tgywt4my 
 @katyperry is no bargain but i don't like john mayer--he dates and tells--be careful katy (just watch!) 
 some of you were asking about the all-star line-up for celebrity apprentice http://t.co/hvnhhs6g 
 so many tweets &amp; stories on stewart/pattinson look it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. it is permanently broken 
 @d_hastie @lancearmstrong  no i said u.s. destroyed a once american icon 
 congratulations to bernie marcus &amp; herman cain @jobcreatorsusa on the #truthtour2012--all employers need to check this out 
 for the truth about job creation in america go to http://t.co/rc7isiph  a great site for employers to get the tools &amp; information they need 
 @lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad 
 i guess they don’t have freedom of the press in scotland. we created this ad and the asa would not allow us to (cont) http://t.co/osks2x87 
 why would ohio listen to bruce springsteen reading his lines? be careful or i will go to ohio and @mittromney will win it 
 @jakfrombk thanks 
 @misterjoe49 @yankees i agree but their careers weren't fueled by drugs 
 obama said "not optimal" to ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a harvard graduate 
 @mittromney did a great job last night. watch the clip! http://t.co/a1mua6zj 
 @evaemery never give up. you have what it takes 
 great decision by donald graham @newsweek to sell. i'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall 
 with barry diller &amp; tina brown in charge did anyone doubt that @newsweek would be a massive failure 
 it is a great honor to have helped the community so much. http://t.co/zc0boywu 
 something really bad happened to the @yankees psyche--much like our president 
 @yankees should get rid of a-rod asap--i can't watch this guy anymore 
 @evaemery thanks--you sound great 
 @rosie @realdonaldtrump  thanks for the info rosie--get well 
 i'll be making a major announcement on president obama next week--stay tuned 
 can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. time certainly flies 
 "a penny saved is a penny earned." -- benjamin franklin 
 the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team 
 @gastronome2  i love india 
 hey @rosie--how is your recovery going? i hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon 
 @waycooljr37 @nationals bob kraft &amp; coach bill are far too smart 
 @youthpastordarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @johncena good luck 
 @toddulu @nationals i hope that's the reason--otherwise just plain stupid 
 @donmarie16  a total professional 
 @calumspence greatly appreciated thanks 
 @morali_arch great to meet you also 
 @neanderthalman1 @mittromney  i was referring of course to bill clinton's statement on the economy 
 @crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister 
 my trump home mattress collection by serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. you can order them at http://t.co/oecvxegz 
 the last time i visited china i couldn't believe all the construction. you can go up with a project in a week--no red tape 
 it's thursday. how much money did barack obama waste today on crony green energy projects 
 clinton commented in ohio today that @mittromney is right the economy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was an honest man 
 when strasburg leaves @nationals for another team for more money will washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good 
 bad sign for obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. their internals must be horrendous 
 while the next season of @celebapprentice is packed w/ all stars ours fans will be happy to see @joan_rivers in the board room.she is back 
 derek jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. derek--only in a trump building--trump is lucky for you 
 now there is talk of a-rod being shipped to @marlins. if a-rod is not a @yankee next year the fans will be happy 
 i think the @yankees will win today. unlike a-rod cc is good under pressure. i hope a-rod plays however 
 robert i'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump kristen- but i'm right. if you saw the miss universe girls you would reconsider 
 @darbizman  thanks 
 @g_harwood  because they are either jealous or losers (or both) 
 a reader just sent me the following: "i wanted to share with you something rather startling. on page 103 of (cont) http://t.co/1mzgzmrl 
 newsweek ending print edition--sad. now my newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. time to follow 
 @partycovemag @espn @politico @wsj  thanks 
 @loveandgarbage  dopey--who went bankrupt you? i never did 
 "the biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that." --vince mcmahon @wwe 
 @womenzbinder check the records dummy--i was never a bush ii fan--he is why we have obama 
 @antbaxter @mailonline  they only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed) 
 @jeff_coles  i will--thanks 
 lots of response to my pattinson/kristen stewart reunion. she will cheat again--100 certain--am i ever wrong 
 looking forward to honoring the great dogan family &amp; the success of the trump towers project in istanbul @followturkey annual gala dinner 
 alert--us jobless claims up 46000 to 388000. really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible 
 amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @wsj 
 "when we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." --@mittromney 
 obama's spending and borrowing is burying america and destroying our children's future. does he even care 
 #successbytrump exclusively available @macy's has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. makes a great gift http://t.co/lr6enhwa 
 great--now supreme court justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone http://t.co/6oxwvjnb obama just stop already 
 @ashleycam2883 re: libya--hillary took the blame for obama 
 mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth 
 major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets &amp; @patriots. i have a dilemma i am good friends w/ both woody (cont) http://t.co/latxc1k9 
 under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% http://t.co/1ziskkn9  obama did not tell truth last night 
 if obama goes after mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then mitt should ask for obama's college records--all of them 
 @mystikangel  bring @johnrich back? he is back 
 @antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. take a hint and get out of the film (cont) http://t.co/qygbzxzz 
 @dubephnx if we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) http://t.co/d10u18dh 
 what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk 
 can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight 
 robert pattinson should not take back kristen stewart. she cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. he can do much better 
 michael vick of the philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback 
 initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. see what happens when i am not mentioned 
 just read about my friend @hulkhogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles 
 @billrancic  bill- you should have named your beautiful son donald 
 joe girardi @yankees must play his starters even a-rod they got you there 
 while the @yankees look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for cc 
 last saturday a-rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. but he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  http://t.co/ocd4zhld he is very selfish 
 obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary 
 @mittromney scored last night on both substance and style 
 "trump was right: 'obama's america' tops 2012 documentaries"  http://t.co/vaisvqlh  via @newsmax_media 
 bad decisions can be devastating 
 obama was beaten but not knocked out.  he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance 
 all the guys that said @mittromney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  mitt will remember the early helpers 
 if obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally &amp; aesthetically 
 robert bryce @nypost--congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. windmills are a disaster 
 remember new "environment friendly"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care 
 wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities 
 great article on wind turbines by robert bryce in today's @nypost  http://t.co/9sl1whvf 
 really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @realmicihaelkay. i am a long time yankee fan 
 via @espn: "donald trump would fire a-rod"  http://t.co/kom7x1zp 
 @marileenelson thanks 
 my interview with @realmichaelkay discussing why a-rod should be fired from @yankees &amp; how to terminate his contract http://t.co/dlerlzae 
 my twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." it's like having your own newspaper 
 my twitter has become so powerful that i can actually make my enemies tell the truth 
 polls are starting to look really bad for obama. looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. don't put it past him 
 obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively 
 do you believe barack hussein obama (aka barry soetoro) looked like a president last night? i don't 
 obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. if we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period 
 i still love derek he is a winner 
 remember i said derek don't sell your trump world tower apartment...its been lucky for you. the day after he sold it he broke his foot 
 at the debate the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying why didn't he do it?  he lost me a long time ago 
 verlander pitched great but @yankees look truly defeated 
 stupid george will gave @mittromney no chance 3 months ago. take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy 
 george will said "best debate he ever saw". if you ever heard george will speak(boring) anything is exciting 
 debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. at one point it looked like they would come to blows.  
 obama better than last time but again @mittromney wins. good night. #debate 
 you talk tough mr. president but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy 
 such long rhetorical and boring answers from obama. no wonder nothing gets done 
 @mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems. obama has no answer 
 obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton 
 obama weak on immigration. all words no action. he's been prez 4 years 
 obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @mittromney is looking strong and sharp 
 obama just said @mittromney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility 
 obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? it's all talk 
 @mittromney looks much stronger and much more presidential 
 then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices 
 good response on jobs by @mittromney 
 why has obama let china and others take our jobs 
 why hasn't obama created jobs 
 getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble" 
 i was just told by one of the top @pgatour players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. very nice compliment--i agree 
 we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone age.they just don't believe we would 
 @drumline_mormon  it is selling great at macy's--thanks 
 for political purposes only obama is planning to hit libya for the benghazi embassy attack right before the election 
 great win last night by peyton manning &amp; @denver_broncos in san diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. very impressive 
 if the @yankees can somehow beat verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. and i will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win 
 get ready for tonight 
 @missusa  olivia--we love you. you are doing a great job 
 @mittromney--if obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly 
 good luck @mittromney tonight--have no doubt you will be great 
 congratulations to @jamesokeefeiii on exposing more democrat voter fraud.  @dnc was caught red handed telling people to vote twice 
 i bet the terrorists in libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in benghazi 
 @washtimes "@brettmdecker: five questions w/ @realdonaldtrump--'lack of leadership is the biggest threat to america'" http://t.co/ccrkslhy 
 between libya the national security leaks and fast &amp; furious obama has had more national security scandals than any other president 
 @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves 
 @antbaxter i tried watching but fell asleep 
 @history's wonderful "the men who built america" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing i'll be live tweeting the debate 
 because obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real 
 the coca cola company is not happy with me--that's okay i'll still keep drinking that garbage 
 it's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @cnbc draw the highest ratings. and they get bigger week by week--thanks folks 
 obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. at least he is consistent 
 diet coke tweet had a monster response--dammit i wish the stuff worked 
 @antbaxter  thanks for helping promote &amp; make trump international golf links scotland so successful--you stupid fool 
 @antbaxter  your documentary died many deaths. you have in my opinion zero talent 
 i can confirm the reports--@billrancic my first season winner will be returning to this all-star season of @celebapprentice 
 @rupertmurdoch is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for @israel if obama is re-elected 
 verlander is great but  very beatable. does not have a good era in playoff games 
 i turned down going to the debate tonight so that i could do live tweets to my many followers 
 i have no doubt that mitt will do really well tonight. we'll all be watching @mittromney 
 lots of pressure on obama tonight--even more than a-rod. if he doesn't perform well it could be over 
 i hope a-rod has a great night for the yankees--he owes it to them--especially with derek hurt 
 @jbluvx2 happy birthday 
 gov. gary johnson pulling votes from @mittromney--don't waste your vote. obama must go 
 "donald trump's back with 14 'apprentice' all-stars" http://t.co/jhv9xff9 via @ap 
 based on very popular demand i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate 
 "the invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -- @mittromney 
 "sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by."donald j. trump 
 if @mittromney has a good debate tomorrow night obama is finished 
 obama is planning on attacking romney on bain in tomorrow's debate http://t.co/3f5sqe6a  mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records 
 "romney ryan slam obama administration on china currency manipulation" http://t.co/k6xuxswa via @abc 
 once again obama fails to classify china as a currency manipulator. he just helped china steal even more jobs and money from us 
 a-rod should donate his contract to charity. he doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. he is a $30m/yr rip off 
 looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @mittromney supporters at the intrepid. mitt's doing well 
 barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history 
 isn't it time that obama release his college records and applications? boy would that create a mess! he is not who you think 
 lots of response to my comment on diet coke- let's face it it doesn't work- just makes you hungry 
 a-rod was a great player when he lived at trump park avenue--- even though he was on the juice 
 derek jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at trump world tower- i told him not to sell- karma 
 i love @libertyuniversity--such great people 
 a-rod is just not making it. we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great 
 obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the boeing 
 who says obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks 
 @mittromney's poll numbers are looking really good. one more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.  
 i have never seen a thin person drinking  diet coke 
 no i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go they win 
 brooklyn nets have the worst uniform ever- boring- won't matter if they win("winning solves all problems"- (cont) http://t.co/2rvgpfmo 
 yankees can win today. kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher 
 a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave 
 swisher should have caught ball in right field last night 
 @yankees are in trouble without derek. try a-rod at short- get him some confidence 
 a bad thing finally happened to derek jeter--- he is a great champion 
 so much for washington shutting down strasburg- they deserved to lose 
 roadway steel on beautiful verrazano-narrows bridge is rusting and rotting away. scrape and paint before too late 
 tonight despite everything put a-rod in the lineup.  
 everyone's wondering what's wrong with a-rod. not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.  
 they found jessica in colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer 
 joe girardi did a great job of managing the yankees this series 
 i'll bet obama goes down just like washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win 
 washington should have brought in strasburg to relieve-- they would have won 
 when strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency washington will say " what were we doing" 
 i told you whenever i go to a @yankees game the @yankees win 
 "leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- warren g. bennis 
 when an employee leaves me and begs to come back--i never let them. loyalty is very important 
 i look forward to tuesday night's presidential debate--i wonder if obama will use my name again 
 very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate 
 "what we are watching on our tv screens is the unraveling of the obama foreign policy." --@paulryanvp 
 obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. the price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected 
 with our amazing all star cast @joan_rivers @johnrich @arsenioofficial &amp; @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors 
 great to hear that our loyal @celebapprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. this will be something special 
 @dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act 
 i'm going to the @yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when i am there 
 my scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me 
 credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #vpdebate 
 doing the @todayshow with @mlauer was great- i really like matt 
 first minister of scotland released bomber of pan am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." do you believe 
 "there are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt 
 @dennisrodman @apprenticenbc great to have you back for the best season yet 
 obamacare is a complete disaster. many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. terrible 
 "wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the u.s 
 british pm cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying scottish windmills 
 going over to @todayshow now to introduce @apprenticenbc cast etc.-- watch 
 pretty even debate- no knockouts. however ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. what do you think? #vpdebate 
 biden's statements on medicare are very effective. ryan must now come back and combat. #vpdebate 
 excellent story on @mittromney- very good moment for ryan. #vpdebate 
 biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #vpdebate 
 hard for biden to justify libya mess but doing best he can. #vpdebate 
 both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #vpdebate 
 get ready- this should be informative and fun! #vpdebate 
 looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment 
 @linda_mcmahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to dc. support her campaign here http://t.co/sp2dcsqi 
 another sign that @jack_welch is right. new government labor report casts even more doubt on the september jobs data http://t.co/5wdedsjz 
 why does barack obama's ring have an arabic inscription? http://t.co/upa00265 who is this guy 
 it's thursday and only 26 days until the election. how many illegal donations from china and saudi arabia did obama collect today 
 so obama used to tell classmates that he was kenyan royalty and an indonesian prince http://t.co/6kerqmup  sounds like his book bio 
 our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in u.s. history 
 live tweeting during tonight's vp debate...should be a great time 
 how the hell does the libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection? 
 why the hell did we help the libyan "rebels" in the first place. that is the real scandal 
 outright disgusting--the obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to us amb. sean smith's mother http://t.co/gfppvzc2 
 i suspect @joebiden could do well tonight. don't be fooled by his gaffes. he is a seasoned and feisty debater 
 if @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. a beater is always a beater--just watch 
 amazing that derek jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well 
 $30m a year and a-rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction) 
 i guess they have lance armstrong cold. brutal report. a waste of taxpayer money to take down an american hero 
 @apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am et on the @todayshow with @mlauer 
 staff at trump park avenue disliked a-rod--to put it "mildly" -- the staff at trump world tower loves derek jeter 
 asking why my dislike of a-rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal 
 great move to take a-rod out of game. now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs) 
 "when everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it." -- henry ford 
 @usa67us  thank you 
 must read article on obama's illegal fundraising from abroad http://t.co/vqi57pcd  foreign candidate getting foreign donations 
 i enjoy meeting tourists in #trumptower. people travel from across the world to see the five-level atrium &amp; waterfall 
 congratulations to @flgovscott on getting an "a" grade from @catoinstitute on his fiscal policy. rick is a fantastic governor 
 even with lower profit projections american firms are still throwing money into china http://t.co/xrjlsxqb  obama is killing investment 
 i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama. be careful on thursday night 
 "you have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving big bird."  -- @mittromney 
 consumer spending fell in september http://t.co/bg0u7byz  another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked 
 a-rod must be dropped in the yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. he simply can't perform without drugs 
 obama was guest at vp debate moderator martha raddatz's wedding http://t.co/1xb8ok2t  do people think this is fair 
 receiving thousands of thank you letters from @libertyu students for my convocation speech. the honor was all mine!  great people 
 delusional--obama actually thought that he won the debate http://t.co/nkpwyb1m what is he thinking 
 47m on food stamps. over 23m americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. and obama wants us talking about big bird 
 has barack obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? media 
 i just had to fire someone he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of obama on wednesday night 
 27 days until america's greatest test since our founding. in this election we decide whether we become great again 
 "it doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." be careful of voter fraud 
 obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. let's see how he reacts under pressure 
 remember obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to hillary. be careful 
 i don't think obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like a-rod 
 "i will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. on this there will be no flexibility with vladimir putin." -- mitt 
 by popular request i will also be tweeting live during the vice presidential debate  thursday night. it will be very interesting i promise 
 @davidletterman @late_show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. thank you david--we are again friends 
 the public is about to learn a lot more information on barack obama and his true background in the coming weeks… 
 now that obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in libya or iran.  he is desperate 
 mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the american public can still spot a real winner 
 in order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate. - think like a billionaire 
 with these record high gas prices what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate 
 looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. will be a lot of fun 
 when will the unemployment numbers be corrected? sadly after the election 
 "donald trump: ‘monkey business’ on jobs" http://t.co/jjvkvmne via @politico 
 george will is a political moron. last month he said romney couldn't win 
 in the end andy pettitte did not rat out his friend roger clemens. i like him again a lot 
 drop a-rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. also not a pressure player 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment &amp; bias media http://t.co/p8u4jmyg 
 why isn't obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices 
 california gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. an election-losing event for obama 
 greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time 
 @erraticslk  shout out = work hard 
 @carlosbeltran15 is playing great for st. louis cardinals. they made a wise decision 
 @jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while jack was running ge 
 our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @celebapprentice. our fans will be pleased 
 sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly i will likewise mention you 
 obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557b.  it is actually double that at $1.1t http://t.co/qr8vzicp  we can't afford four more years 
 obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses http://t.co/a8uybknk expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth 
 how long did it take for obama to call hugo chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' who do you think chavez supports in ours 
 congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @nfl record with 48 consecutive games with a td pass. he is a great guy and player 
 at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate 
 sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. he is in the bag for obama. he can't carry @jack_welch's jock 
 who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for obama 
 a record 46.68m americans are now on food stamps http://t.co/0acwarsn  four more years 
 i would do same thing if i were china.  they want obama. http://t.co/sal9wpkv 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers http://t.co/6y1utomt 
 got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. too many incidents--fast trial death penalty 
 more than 70m people watched the presidential debate.  a new record.  see what happens when i am so prominently mentioned (just kidding) 
 looking forward to sunday’s speech in the excel centre. http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 the team with the best players wins. -- @jack_welch 
 @acuconservative's #cpacco kept up the momentum from the debate. @mittromney even made a surprise appearance. now go win co 
 now america knows--the emperor has no clothes. why would obama do better in a 2nd debate? #debate #obama 
 my friend @govchristie called it--@mittromney recast the race 
 glad to hear that @robinroberts is doing well. she is a terrific person 
 i promise to do a new #trumpvlog when i get back next week---- lots of requests. thanks 
 "to every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --isaac newton 
 scary &amp; unsustainable: on monday the us added more debt than from 1776 through pearl harbor http://t.co/fzgwvh5e 
 "mr. president you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts." --@mittromney 
 bill clinton has been obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail 
 congrats to @yankees on finishing 1st in the al east. derek jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs 
 i'll be in london on sunday at the excel centre to talk about success. it will be a great time for everyone! http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 @hightide1989 amazing is good too 
 @lulucornbread @celebapprentice  most likely in february 
 the upcoming season of @celebapprentice will be terrific--a great cast 
 now another obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' http://t.co/5gvytuoy who is this guy? where's the media 
 congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary 
 happy to have just passed 1.5m followers on twitter. we picked up over 14000 yesterday alone. it's great to speak to everyone daily 
 i'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team. let's see what happens 
 @fstltd @tonyrobbins  will be a great event. see you in london 
 both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. you need to stay positive 
 @sethmacfarlane will be a great oscar host. he did an amazing job at my @comedycentral roast 
 @ajb073  thank you 
 wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. no wonder governments are giving up on them 
 as a big job creator i was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate 
 congratulations to mitt romney. he was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight 
 "invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." --sun tzu 
 there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama. cut over $700m to move into obamacare 
 in august 2012 obama said the so called arab spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'  http://t.co/hgp9kf1w  good call 
 have you heard? china just told obama to jump. obama asked how high 
 obama's '07 speech which @dailycaller just released not only shows that obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him 
 i'm always amazed when i travel to my foreign properties.seeing the trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal 
 @siphosimelane thank you 
 @escobedoantonio thank you 
 @lexi_michaels  yes absolutely 
 @escobedoantonio work hard and never give up 
 i will be visiting trump int'l golf links in scotland tomorrow. always great to see the great dunes of scotland.  http://t.co/zttjiark 
 who is rooting for obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press 
 can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch. this is going to be a great night 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @mittromney debate responses obama's hidden records my tweets and unemployment  http://t.co/xguc2w66 
 i am very proud of ivanka 
 my daughter ivanka is being honored by the wharton school of finance with the 2012 young leadership award. also (cont) http://t.co/mrakh93c 
 @davidroyearle see you in london--big crowd 
 reverend wright must have great hatred for obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside 
 obama called reverend wright his friend counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog 
 see june 2007 speech--is obama a total racist 
 congratulations to barack obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 http://t.co/0fok04gl 
 the cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at un always bothered me. i will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me 
 where is the main stream media reporting on univision's new expose of fast and furious? too busy looking at mitt's taxes 
 major mexican cartel boss el diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through fast and furious http://t.co/rflwjbxy   media 
 a great article about how obamacare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market http://t.co/2tgk3vij 
 @ritter1025  wishing your wife a happy birthday 
 it's tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for obama 
 i'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm 
 great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer john elway has endorsed @mittromney in colorado. co is a must win state for mitt 
 under obama iran has taken over iraq al qaeda has taken over libya the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt. worst  foreign policy ever 
 woody johnson's comments that he would rather have @mittromney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism 
 the chinese are now hacking white house computers. why not? they already own the place 
 big win by @yankees last night to take control of al east. jeter &amp; company now control their destiny 
 wednesday's debate is day one of the election. over 70 million voters will be watching 
 in nov. '11 al qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of libya's revolution http://t.co/whonavor   in sept. '12 it flew over our embassy 
 glad to hear @sethmacfarlane will be hosting this year's oscars. something new that should be fun 
 a clip from @katieshow where i take @katiecouric's audience on the katie coach  http://t.co/zhkkdqlj 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing how @mittromney can win the first debate &amp; the last 35 days http://t.co/5laqs6tr 
 if obama mentions mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then mitt should immediately ask for obama's college records &amp; applications 
 obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in virginia http://t.co/xxsmhcv7 another example of sleazy politics 
 threatening phone calls from obama supporters are being made to the michigan gop office  http://t.co/bdlyueit don't be intimidated 
 obama loves wasting our money. he just made another guarantee of $197m to a solar company http://t.co/eftesrbc  cronyism 
 al qaeda taking over libya after we made it possible--really amazing 
 venezuelan leader hugo chavez said in a television interview that aired on sunday "if i were american i'd vote for obama." 
 big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay 
 obama now wants to give another $450m to the muslim brotherhood. money we don't have going to people that hate us. moronic 
 how many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the afghanis they are training? let's get the hell out of there and focus on u.s 
 "i've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --jack welch 
 "life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. if anything success makes it more fragile." --the art of the deal 
 #trumptower is one of the country's top tourist destinations 
 obama deserves much less credit for the killing of bin laden. the praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers 
 republicans and @mittromney must get tough very soon 
 only 36 days until the election. @mittromney needs to stay on offense. make obama's terrible record the issue. #timetogettough 
 in debate @mittromney should ask obama why autobiography states "born in kenya raised in indonesia." 
 cyberattack on white house--- what's next? http://t.co/t9vhqrdk 
 obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable 
 "if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- thomas edison 
 american incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months http://t.co/8xwu3dth 
 if you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you 
 sean's interview with bob woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--woodward was great. http://t.co/xfqxzybh 
 @israelipm @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the un. too bad @ambassadorrice wasn't there 
 @mr_schwab you have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times 
 brits spent $57.8m on the royal family. obamas cost us $1.4b in expenses--including entertainment http://t.co/g2nvr2zh living large on us 
 it's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science 
 "to be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'midas touch' with @therealkiyosaki 
 my successful acquisition of the kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools 
 "trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery" http://t.co/stjxhgbk via @trdny 
 @jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday 
 the @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events 
 obama is not working. us manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in august. where's the recovery? http://t.co/xyrcsm74 
 watch this video for a look at our great course in los angeles--- rancho palos verdes--http://t.co/olhynmoj @trumpgolfla 
 @lisalampanelli  you are terrific (always). great job on the apprentice 
 be tenacious. being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once so it's a formidable combination 
 keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them 
 iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. we got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.the country will collapse (cont) http://t.co/iej1pmay 
 "having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment."--midas touch 
 are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? pick up a #trump suit @macys http://t.co/ils4ysod  look your best 
 @benjaminprice18  go for the gold standard--aim high. be tenacious and have passion for your work 
 "if you're going through hell keep going." --winston churchill 
 someone must be fired at @aol for that stupid deal they made buying huffington post 
 @mittromney must ask for obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this 
 china's financial institutions are expanding overseas.http://t.co/wofglvnl they will own everything if we don't stop them now 
 obamacare is a failure. costs are rising much faster under obama than other presidents 
 now obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term http://t.co/utnokmdd    more like $12t in new debt if he wins 
 a resort in arizona is using sewage to make snow. environmentalists are going crazy--i won't be skiing in that snow 
 i have fun i love what i do. you should too. find out how at the national achievers conference this october in london http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard 
 does madonna know something we all don't about barack? at a concert she said "we have a black muslim in the white house." 
 if only the morons @ap were as concerned with obama's inconsistent statements on the embassy attacks as they are (cont) http://t.co/kkjz0xd2 
 the full video of my @libertyu speech http://t.co/uqgwpvkj  liberty's largest ever convocation crowd 
 "money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game." -- the art of the deal 
 how long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made 
 congratulations to my friend david wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader 
 40 days until the election. crunch time. @mittromney must stay on offense and take the fight to obama 
 @baeck i agree 
 @benhyrne @libertyu  thank you 
 @erictrump did an amazing job raising money for @stjude with his @erictrumpfdn event featuring  @lisalampanelli. watch http://t.co/ttgmbdui 
 @randyspangler thank you 
 just bought the kluge estate in charlottesville virginia (don't worry only business). see washington post articlehttp://t.co/upqhl2s0 
 jerry falwell jr. stated speech was best in university's history...my great honor 
 liberty university speech by djt was biggest by far in school's history. standing ovations...great young people 
 associated press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about liberty university speech. shameful reporting...no credibility 
 huff post gets it wrong re: ferry point...the only leakage of gas is from arianna huffington 
 no matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can't win 
 china has done very well under obama. now they just released their first aircraft carrier 
 china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage 
 must read column for all young people: "obama's war on young voters who elected him"  http://t.co/ongr13np 
 @archiemoorebye we have raised millions of dollars for charity 
 @forexboxusd @libertyu  thank you 
 @forexboxusd @libertyu http://t.co/1h1iaecd 
 "trump: us must get tougher because china is 'eating our lunch'" http://t.co/t0qg07jy via moneynews @newsmax_media 
 a clip of my @libertyu speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential http://t.co/1h1iaecd via@washingtonpost 
 "for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."  -- aristotle 
 housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck 
 pres. o -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our ambassador's (and others) killing in libya 
 hope &amp; change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under obama http://t.co/cfm5rwyt  four more years 
 @matt_berry87  piers did a great job--the interview was very important 
 aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think of---fact or great pr 
 obama's complaints about republicans stopping his agenda are bs since he had full control for two years. he can never take responsibility 
 obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change washington from the inside." not what he said in '09. http://t.co/xcncd6rn 
 @brandonhardest  love what you do and work hard 
 andy williams has died. he was a friend of mine and a great guy 
 english taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines 
 the number of unemployed americans has increased over 60% during obama's term. the economy can't survive another 4 years 
 "selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. unselfishness begets happiness."  -- b.c. forbes 
 one point i made sure to stress at @libertyu is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you 
 never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great 
 read about my @libertyu speech in @jameshohmann's @politico morning score  http://t.co/uuoxeu8v 
 the 18th hole at the blue monster @doral in miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...http://t.co/be3bf2pv 
 obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp; fundraising while in nyc for the un assembly 
 yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) where's the media 
 well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @celebapprentice. the 'all stars' are hard at work 
 did a shoot in front of the metropolitian museum on 5th ave for the 13th season of the apprentice 
 the replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. i've seen many bad sports calls over the years 
 one 57 is one of the worst looking buildings i've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly "skin." 
 "trump to liberty u students: 'the world is laughing at us'" http://t.co/s4xyk8hp  via @newsmax_media 
 thousands of great people showed up from liberty university yesterday. i love standing ovations! http://t.co/iiblvq0l 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing how @mittromney has to get tough real unemployment &amp; bias press  http://t.co/7jwgczsa 
 emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. emmys have no credibility-should have nominated apprentice again 
 @designergirla late winter or early spring. it will be a great season 
 @designergirla not a bad idea 
 "believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -- charles f. kettering 
 @danceswithmetal  i am sure you would be just fine 
 @owenkelly thanks 
 the obama economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created http://t.co/p1iteldk 
 "even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers 
 muslim brotherhood head of egypt morsi is already making demands on obama before the wh visit. obama's foreign policy is a complete failure 
 coincidence? obama and ahmadinejad each describe @israel's warning over the iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' http://t.co/b2dh5qt3 
 home values have sunk a record 15% under obama 
 the debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @mittromney has proved--in florida--he delivers under pressure 
 secure your place at the national achievers congress in london. it will be an amazing event with a great surprise. http://t.co/fmg7lokn 
 living in denial--only 15% of democrats think that recent economic news is poor http://t.co/qgn0g7vw 
 scary--obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends 
 today i spoke @libertyu convocation a great crowd...http://t.co/h6zd9twg 
 rt @mittromney: i am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it 
 with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value 
 the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean 
 despite all of china's cheating they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential 
 all these polls released by news outlets are oversampling democrats. they want to influence public perception of the race 
 the emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations the apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over 
 "amazing race" winning an emmy again is a total joke. the emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows 
 the emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show 
 with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not 
 the republican party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. they must be tough and smart 
 why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records &amp; applications in return 
 just left liberty university. chancellor jerry falwell jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic 
 the ryder cup will be amazing this week 
 a letter written to one of my many critics! http://t.co/rr9pbzid 
 a letter from an amazing woman http://t.co/2fkbfsxq 
 @jtatsuno  it's real 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. tune in 
 no matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck 
 but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky 
 rising premium costs from obamacare will cost businesses billions http://t.co/zhdli5zh  guess where these new costs get passed to – you 
 i have fun i love what i do. you should too. find out how at the national achievers conference this october. http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 at the univision forum obama continued to make excuses for fast and furious http://t.co/djcargnx his operation killed innocent americans 
 @susanvhinds  a happy and healthy family 
 watch--yesterday obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the benghazi consulate attack. http://t.co/iw7so3y3 
 i really like chelsea clinton--an amazing young woman. she got the best of both parents. (@ivankatrump agrees) 
 "the important thing is not to stop questioning. curiosity has its own reason for existing." --albert einstein 
 @janinegibson  http://t.co/yae18srp 
 @sayhigreg  http://t.co/yae18srp 
 obama's def. sec. just said us asia focus 'not aimed to contain china' http://t.co/vym7u9dw china is hoping that obama is re-elected 
 it is now clear that the embassy attack in libya was a coordinated al qaeda operation and not based on some video 
 @ileschinder @willsommer not a bad idea.( i'm in a magnanimous mood.) 
 @murekar thanks and we will keep you posted 
 @jessestroup  nice to hear--and good luck 
 now every time islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse http://t.co/zmorbzsc   what was the excuse before the movie 
 @murekar http://t.co/czu4cruc    http://t.co/4dmrqaid 
 yesterday i was in washington d.c. visiting the #trump old post office renovation. it will be magnificent 
 interesting article by @matttowery @townhallcom:it is time to use ‘the trump card’ http://t.co/npeup5du  thanks matt for the nice mention 
 my @cnn interview with @piersmorgan explaining why mitt should not apologize  http://t.co/nfnnvku5 
 great article by chris ruddy @newsmax_media: "@anndromney and jackie's example" http://t.co/juytnxdt 
 to be successful never give up. my secrets to success will be shared at the national achievers congress in london. http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 isn’t it great that obama had time yesterday to fundraise with jay z and do @late_show while there is a record 21% real unemployment 
 qe3 a political favor for obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  this hits low income families the hardest. big mistake 
 have you seen the new #trump fall collection exclusively available @macys? top selling brand nationwide.ties shirts fragrance-great gifts 
 "trump: obama is 'unlucky president'" http://t.co/rfzb4vqu via @newsmax_media 
 via @newsmax_media: "romney said nothing wrong" http://t.co/9iz82ygi 
 come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast 
 china has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. i've been saying this for 3 years 
 don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). it will destroy your property value 
 via @washingtonpost: "the donald's video should have trumped eastwood" by @capehartj  http://t.co/nxz1dylb 
 my @gretawire interview  http://t.co/engkidcd 
 oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. our country would be rich again--who needs opec 
 technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago 
 the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting 
 obama should play golf with republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. that way maybe the terrible gridlock would end 
 @danojano @afreespeechzone  dopey--i have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!) 
 @angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels tune in 
 @rowree it will be fantastic 
 filming for @celebapprentice season 13 is now into the 2nd week. the 'all-star' cast is already hard at work 
 obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving keystone xl pipeline and canada is now selling the oil to china--very dumb 
 i'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 pm fox news 
 our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) http://t.co/lae0djlk 
 can you believe--they are blaming @mittromney for egypt 
 @rickymoney  i don't know a lot about failures. and as you know i never went bankrupt 
 @lightjzup  industrial turbines are destroying our land 
 liberal press won't look into why obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with romney's private comments 
 none of romney's leaked comments change the fact that obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6t in deficit spending 
 it's tuesday. how many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores obama's record 
 the majority of americans agree with @mittromney's comments on @israel and iran 
 with 49 days until the election @mittromney needs to stay on offense. he should not be apologizing. deflect onto obama's record 
 this morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @rnc video i filmed for the tampa convention http://t.co/ogglpbfq 
 my @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @rnc video &amp; why @mittromney should not apologize http://t.co/jshoeb2b 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing qe3 @mittromney's leaked comments middle east &amp; us oil capability http://t.co/09bvhyur 
 @princeetornam they had both interest and aptitude. they've done a terrific job 
 now a small country like sudan tells obama he can't send any more marines http://t.co/kmstnubh   we are a laughing stock 
 @rdowns i never went bankrupt. enemies love to say i did. didn't happen 
 at the national achievers congress in london this october i'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure  http://t.co/sv6kas1e 
 i'll be at liberty university monday 10 am for speech. looking forward to meeting students--all sold out 
 "a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- pres. abraham lincoln 
 china is now attacking japan's economy for leverage http://t.co/kfahows7  soon they will try the same with us. #timetogettough 
 it's monday how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy 
 while obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before http://t.co/u78hfrjt too busy campaigning 
 still a buyer's market. buy directly from a bank. they want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices &amp; financing 
 eli manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback 
 with 50 days until the election it is #timetogettough for @mittromney &amp; @gop 
 teachers in chicago should go back to work immediately.rahm emanuel has offered them a fair deal. now they're just acting for the cameras 
 gas prices have doubled under obama. over $5/gallon now in california. we must start drilling from our own resources to become independent 
 obama is our unlucky president. everything he touches turns into a mess. some people just don't have it 
 "trump: if republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'" http://t.co/avhndaid  via @thehill 
 via @digitaljournal: "donald trump tweets obama is 'an incompetent president'" http://t.co/kutnuoqb 
 after being ripped off for years obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us. he's finally listening to me 
 kate middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame 
 occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding 
 "success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money."--johnny cash 
 weekly jobless claims are up once again. the economy cannot recover with obama in office 
 hey @kimkardashian--i hear you are undecided in the election. i can explain why you should vote for @mittromney 
 if you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "the art of the comeback." 
 first obama says egypt is not an ally. then he promises to keep handing over aid  http://t.co/aqvedkzn   incompetent and unqualified 
 no surprise--obama's deputy campaign manager tweeted link from chinese propaganda outlet http://t.co/jmguormf did she also write it 
 qe3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) http://t.co/8more86h 
 @shawn_maynard  this is our 13th season. no precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. shooting is underway. will be terrific 
 @steelchecker  jody--agreed 
 rt @mittromney: for nearly 4 years barack obama has refused to crack down on china's cheating &amp; american workers have paid the price 
 why doesn't obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in egypt have live ammunition? they need it fast 
 it's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. he is a complete shill for obama 
 @scottsaia23 thanks scott. i appreciate your nice words 
 @josh_beaupre  josh--thanks i think you're right 
 @maryenglish67 @usatoday  sometimes that's necessary 
 amazing--playing with an ankle injury @yankees captain derek jeter tied willie mays last night for #10 on (cont) http://t.co/epjlkdqy 
 via @starpulse: "donald trump calls barack obama 'incompetent'" http://t.co/z5hjjfqj 
 my @cnbcclosingbell interview discussing qe3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election http://t.co/z4ucefap 
 oh no another rapper doing a trump song --"young jeezy - trump lyrics." why aren't these guys paying me 
 @heinzpak @usatoday that could be. agreed 
 @buckingslams  sam you're 100% correct. frankly i wish they'd scram 
 i hate @usatoday's redesign--the logo is terrible. lightweight al neuharth must've had something to do with this no wonder paper is failing 
 wow! i just heard that the previously unknown singer mac miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "donald trump." 
 "nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- milton friedman 
 must see video--obama's criticism of @mittromney is identical to carter's on reagan http://t.co/lt1mz411 
 i keep getting great feedback on new #trump cologne 'success.' exclusively available at @macy's http://t.co/8ymd9fqh and best shirts &amp; ties 
 congratulations to obama and the @dnc. the federal deficit has topped $1t for a fourth year in a row http://t.co/1dk4ytds  nice work 
 welcome to obama's america--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income http://t.co/3jzujcnw  four more years 
 @mittromney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame 
 obama's convention bounce is gone. @mittromney has retaken the lead in the latest @rasmussenpoll  http://t.co/yow3u3ja 
 it's thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against @mittromney 
 why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the muslim brotherhood in egypt 
 i will be speaking monday september 24 (10 a.m.) at liberty university to a record setting student body. i look forward to it 
 the media is pathetic. our embassies are savaged by radicals while obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @mittromney 
 what a coincidence that obama's good friends in libya and egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies 
 with allies like egypt and libya who needs enemies? 
 shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11 
 obama told @nbc that egypt is no longer an ally. they used to be until he pushed out mubarak 
 filming of the record 13th season of @celebapprentice has started. be sure to be on the lookout for future updates 
 wake up america!  see article: "israeli science: obama birth certificate is a fake" http://t.co/f7esudsz 
 if obama was smart he would cancel the muslim brotherhood's wh visit later this month. he won't 
 romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive. he cannot let this happen. stop pandering. must get tougher (cont) http://t.co/kid8iqe7 
 with the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food 
 obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had 
 we threw our ally mubarak overboard and egypt is now our enemy. great going obama--israel is in trouble 
 this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president 
 weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. we are getting pushed around and robbed under this president 
 "the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- vince lombardi 
 our $16t national debt is now bigger than our $15t gdp. if obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013 
 deja vu - i can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed president. obama=carter 
 i guess obama's cairo speech really worked out. the muslim brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. imagine if obama speaks in beijing 
 "those who refuse to draw red line to iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @israel." -- @israelipm @netanyahu 
 no surprise. @dnc displayed russian ships in tribute to vets http://t.co/q6bpwj0i  did they mean to honor the russians 
 obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy 
 "it's disgraceful that the obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) http://t.co/nnyjdqgy 
 so obama can host the muslim brotherhood pres. morsi in the white house http://t.co/wkhzv1op  but doesn't have time for @netanyahu 
 opec will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. they are always ripping us off 
 it's wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by islamists 
 what did we get for fighting in libya besides a dead ambassador. demand their oil 
 as bad as they were i don't remember our embassies being attacked when mubarak and gaddafi were in power 
 the middle east is blowing up--we didn't back egypt and now they riot against us. iran is using iraqi airspace (cont) http://t.co/hvtjksnn 
 obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job 
 libya is selling its oil to china--i notice the chinese ambassador is very safe 
 i always said the people we fought for in libya were bad news. once again i was right 
 obama doesn't know what he's doing. his foreign policy is a disaster. libya egypt iraq afghanistan--all (cont) http://t.co/tzsrgrem 
 an attack on our embassy is an attack on our soil. we have been attacked by libya. go into libya &amp; take the (cont) http://t.co/jxi3lnb5 
 we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke 
 when will obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? the day after 
 why is the pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' complete waste. we need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military 
 i hope the @gop realizes that if they blow this election the tea party won't be with them next time 
 "there is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- sun tzu 
 "if obama wins it is the end of the republican party." -- @limbaugh 
 amazing. @celebapprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base 
 priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings  http://t.co/ihiiakpa 
 china is an international pariah. they are now harassing japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  http://t.co/spbpxwyy 
 why won't obama release his college applications? is there something 'foreign' about them 
 84% of us troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama. time to get out of there 
 whatever happened to obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? where's the media 
 the onus of the chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. inexcusable to leave children without school 
 on this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that bin laden's last sight was a navy seal pulling the trigger 
 "trump: if republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'" http://t.co/avhndaid  via @thehill 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview with ken langone &amp; dick grasso discussing the chicago teachers' strike @ 2012  http://t.co/lyllbpvh 
 discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @cnn show  http://t.co/k239fag4 
 an impromptu interview i did with german tv on 9/11 down by ground zero discussing the attack and wtc towers http://t.co/haqjoezn 
 today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago 
 obama called august's job report "progress." overall 96k new jobs &amp; over 173k new people on food stampshttp://t.co/od3nbmsk 
 "you need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."--general george s. patton 
 why has barack obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?  http://t.co/ywqejzok   who is he 
 barack obama used to mock bush's 300k monthly job reports http://t.co/ombeir4x now obama wishes he could have a month half as good 
 "president obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the american people"--clint eastwood 
 obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. he's "in your face" because the republicans dropped the ball. (cont) http://t.co/fufzd79u 
 in today's #trumpvlog i speak about clint eastwood the #dnc and drew peterson- http://t.co/xwxnwfm7 
 "you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." -- winston churchill 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. tune in 
 one of the best moves i ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. but i used the downturn to my advantage 
 during @barackobama's presidency median family income has fallen 4.8% http://t.co/oqagfiq7  terrible for the middle class 
 a lot of people strongly advised me against doing @apprenticenbc. next week we start filming the record 13th seasonhence go with your gut 
 if @barackobama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2% 
 this chart from aei's @jimpethokoukis shows how terrible @barackobama's 'recovery' really is: http://t.co/ny3dqgrt   disaster 
 unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.not a real recovery phony numbers 
 there are now 119000 fewer americans employed than there were in july. the economy is still terrible 
 today's job report is dismal. now a record 88921000 americans are no longer in the work force 
 drew peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. change the law so he gets death penalty 
 dems had a very good and professional convention. the republicans must be smart and tough--and fast 
 the republicans must get virgil goode out of the race in virginia. he will take votes away from @mittromney 
 the youtube of the 2012 miss usa contestants @giulianarancic and me singing "call me maybe"  http://t.co/5hzwnsvm   has over 2m views 
 under @barackobama 1 out of every 7 americans is on food stamps 
 scary--while @barackobama has been potus for 1.6% of america's history he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt 
 "we've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" -- @mittromney 
 "forty-seven million now on food stamps. when he came to office there were 32 million. he's added 15 million people." --@mittromney 
 the chinese are mistreating hillary clinton on her trip http://t.co/t5xzknul  they have zero respect for us. outrageous 
 remember while @barackobama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in afghanistan 
 after @barackobama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit friday morning when the new jobs report is released 
 the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt 
 now we will never know if @barackobama would have been able to fill bank of america stadium. pretty convenient 
 @barackobama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention http://t.co/2f5btrof 
 "donald trump has given millions to pro-romney superpacs and his whole family is cutting checks to mitt's campaign"  http://t.co/sronhihf 
 iran is flying supply planes to syria through iraqi airspace. thank you united states for making this possible 
 bill clinton did a great job last night--the democrats are lucky to have him. do you really believe he likes @barackobama 
 once again under@barackobama the us has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness  http://t.co/v7jzcxej  we must do better 
 other networks are begging me to do a show--i can't because i'm doing the apprentice 
 "change before you have to." --jack welch 
 scary thought--is the sexual pervert anthony weiner now in charlotte? did he bring his phone with him 
 the democrats dropped all references to god from their platform. not good 
 have you seen the new #trump line of clothing apparel and fragrances @macy's? selling like hotcakes. great for christmas gifts etc 
 better off? the $16t us debt works out to $136260 per household a 50% increase since @barackobama took office 
 north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte 
 i wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the democrats in charlotte right now 
 almost every t.v. show is asking me to go on--especially the @late_show. it's simple--i get the ratings 
 @serenawilliams is a special player. after winning the gold for the us in the olympics it looks like she will (cont) http://t.co/913rkvq9 
 with all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @dnc convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16t 
 @lancearmstrong revise your decision to quit--go back and fight 
 why does us doping agency destroy an american icon @lancearmstrong for events that took place years ago in france 
 @lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no lance 
 very good speech by @michelleobama--and under great pressure--dems should be proud 
 no surprise. @barackobama is letting the muslim brotherhood in egypt default on their us loans http://t.co/tjpjqsbv  big mistake 
 july u.s. construction had biggest drop in 12months. bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year 
 what message does it send when @barackobama's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago 
 opec is better off than they were 4 years ago. gas has more than doubled during @barackobama's term. outrageous 
 the chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. they have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @barackobama's term 
 nbc wall st journal poll of african american voters: 94% @barackobama 0% @mittromney.even worse than hillary's old numbers. is that racism 
 with our national debt passing $16t during the @dnc convention @barackobama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. scary 
 record setting gas prices in the u.s. -- we're really looking dumb. lots of $'s being made on us 
 the media can track down @paulryan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @barackobama's college applications or other info 
 smart move by @barackobama having pres. bill clinton deliver the @dnc convention keynote 
 is this hope &amp; change? a record 46.7m americans were on food stamps this past june. we must do better 
 why does @barackobama have such a fascination with my plane? he is more than welcomed to come for a ride 
 joe paterno's family should sue the idiots @pennstate that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report 
 "be  yardstick of quality. some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- steve jobs 
 as i predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...opec is having a ball at our expense 
 great going andy roddick! another victory for a fabulous player. brooklyn decker is good luck 
 i win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave clint alone 
 if you have a speech-one that would put winston churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible 
 @melaniatrump on @qvc tonight with her fabulous melania timepieces &amp; jewelry. tune in at 1am est 
 republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy. when will they learn that he is not 
 andy roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife 
 republicans should have been much tougher on obama. just wait until you see what obama does to romney at the dnc 
 china is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade http://t.co/ibtqrcic they stole the technology from us 
 @barackobama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to china." --@mittromney 
 i am sure the chinese are getting anxious. they watch the polls. @mittromney won't let them cheat us anymore 
 we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran 
 @govmikehuckabee was great the other night. people love him 
 "obama's ideas don't move us 'forward' they take us 'backwards.' these are ideas people come to america to get away from." --@marcorubio 
 @mittromney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth 
 i loved watching clint eastwood last night--he was terrific 
 "if you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome."  -- michael jordan 
 gas prices are about to hit a record high during the labor day weekend. @barackobama could have stopped this 
 it's friday how many advertisers dropped @huffpost today 
 a fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. it is amazingly remedial 
 of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @condoleezzarice's speech. chris has completely lost it 
 letterman @late_show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment 
 too busy playing golf? @barackobama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen seals   http://t.co/elkcqtyr 
 i am impressed with how clearly @paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions @mittromney will bring as president 
 book on bin laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @barackobama's story a big lie 
 i wonder what @joebiden was thinking last night as @paulryanvp delivered that knockout speech. joe should call in sick for the vp debate 
 "after four  years of getting the run-around america needs a turnaround and the man for the job is governor mitt romney." @paulryanvp 
 the dummies left iraq (and libya) without the oil 
 "let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." -- @govmike huckabee 
 congratulations to @govmikehuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better 
 only two weeks until we start shooting @celebapprentice. we really have something amazing for the fans this year 
 gas prices are way too high. with an economy contracting and lower demand how do opec &amp; the speculators get away with this? 
 even the seals who killed bin laden don't like @joebiden  http://t.co/ukcnzrrj 
 it's thursday and again i ask--how much money is china stealing from us 
 i was putting together my early deals in new york &amp; i was advised by many that i was too young. believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything 
 china's media is attacking @mittromney while endorsing @barackobama  http://t.co/mv75ejfy  of course. mitt knows it's time to get tough 
 i am astonished that the media continues to lie. @barackobama gutted welfare reform. it is a fact 
 "america needs @mittromney and @paulryanvp and we need them right now." -- @govchristie 
 "no one will work harder. no one will move heaven and earth like mitt romney to make this country a better place to live!" -- @anndromney 
 "new business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the epa is now the employment prevention agency." -- @bobmcdonnell 
 it's wednesday how much money is china stealing from us today 
 great speech by my good friend @govchristie. he did something you won't hear at @barackobama's convention---tell the truth 
 my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing the 2012 election opec ripping us off &amp; @mittromney's job policy  http://t.co/e42phpqq 
 congratulations to @anndromney on delivering a knock out speech last night. america can't wait to call her our first lady 
 an excerpt of my @thebrodyfile interview at the sarasota 'statesman of the year' dinner discussing the tea party http://t.co/sittyvpx 
 china must be worried that @mittromney will win this november. they have never had such a pushover like @barackobama 
 what a coincidence--michelle obama called kenya @barackobama's "homeland" in 2008  http://t.co/lqkq2c7n 
 @barackobama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this november 
 i am very worried that if @barackobama is re-elected then medicare will be destroyed. we must take care of our seniors 
 i can't wait to read this...rt @newsmax_media: seal book explodes obama furious http://t.co/wdnpuqfz 
 @barackobama's super pac has continually called @mittromney a "murderer"  http://t.co/5goxonmz  ironic since obama is destroying medicare 
 "i stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success." -- @mittromney 
 it's tuesday--how much inflation has @barackobama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas 
 @govchristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @mittromney  should be elected and @barackobama has to go 
 @melaniatrump and i are looking forward to watching @anndromney's speech tonight. she is an amazing woman who will be a great first lady 
 happy to hear that @ralphreed's faith and freedom chapters are at the @rnc convention supporting @mittromney. we must be united to win 
 remember when @ariannahuff ran for governor of california. she got 3 votes 
 "trump urges gop to be 'mean as hell'"  http://t.co/dh5ibmgs  via @cnnpolitics 
 ask china if their rapidly expanding (with our money) navy or armed forces are going "green" -- they would laugh in your face 
 @robinroberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast 
 my @foxnews @teamcavuto interview discussing the @rnc convention businesses making products in china and unemployment http://t.co/jhuoybu8 
 the bay bridge in san francisco is being built by the chinese--tremendous cost overruns. a total mess. we should build our own bridges etc 
 don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh if you knew her and the phony huffington post you would understand--- more to follow 
 @ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. i fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision 
 @financialtimes writes that "@barackobama should pray that china overtakes us"  http://t.co/kaemtnlg don't worry he is making it happen 
 the us navy wants to go "green." our navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. give me a break 
 as usual the weather people got it wrong in tampa. they just look for headlines &amp; ratings 
 media silent when @barackobama  called @mittromney a murderer &amp; felon. mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. double standard 
 @barackobama has completely failed the american people. u.s. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  http://t.co/sl82thbo 
 "they succeed because they think they can." -- virgil 
 look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-http://t.co/lpq2svej 
 it is very sad to see what @barackobama has done with nasa. he has gutted the program and made us dependent on the russians 
 sorry to hear of the passing of neil armstrong over the weekend. he was an american hero 
 one point i made last night and will continue to push is that the @gop can't be pollitically correct. we must fight fire with fire 
 i knew chris matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. now he's gone off the deep end as an obama surrogate. @hardball_chris 
 why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? no more apologies--take the offensive 
 "the toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --irving berlin 
 @barackobama is begging the eurozone to keep greece in until after 11.6.12. he thinks the world revolves around his re-election 
 @barackobama sent over 100000 jobs and canadian oil to china all because he would not approve keystone xl 
 i am sure the @ncgop will do a great job bracketing the @dnc convention. they are a tremendous statewide organization 
 it's friday. how many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? they are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster 
 @dineshdsouza's '2016: obama's america' is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend. will be highest grossing documentary in 2012.  
 florida has been very good to me. i am really esxcited to give back at the sarasota gop event and @rnc convention. will be fun 
 life brings you many surprises. as a child i used to vacation with my family at the doral in miami. now i own it. http://t.co/jiljv0df 
 here is a letter i received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. http://t.co/s2jhbivz 
 i am proud of the tea party. these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years 
 disgusting--@barackobama's supporters are launching an anti-mormon whisper campaign  http://t.co/ioau0nc0 shameful but no surprise 
 @barackobama is bankrupting this country. his budget adds another $4.4t to the debt putting us over $20t in total debt by 2016 
 terrible tragedy at the empire state building today. must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals 
 via @theblaze: "falwell on trump: he 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'"  http://t.co/fdf0cek7 
 former navy seal questions @barackobama's birthplacehttp://t.co/m9yvluga 
 dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that i said children should not get vaccinated. i believe fully (cont) http://t.co/l4n6tbc0 
 @lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined 
 i am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. i never thought he was a quitter 
 egypt's muslim brotherhood president is visiting us next month. @barackobama is so excited 
 the muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate camp david accord 
 "when your life flashes before your eyes make sure you've got plenty to watch." --anonymous 
 a hurricane will be coming to tampa. my @rnc convention surprise hits monday night 
 the independent watchdog who exonerated @barackobama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to obama's campaign 
 the opening of #trumpscotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course watch the video- http://t.co/6s6a8kz7 
 @mittromney will make us energy independent by 2020 http://t.co/gnybboep @barackobama will keep wasting money on solyndra projects 
 @arsenioofficial you have already made plenty because of me. how about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon 
 spread shots out over long period and watch positive result 
 massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism 
 amazing--@vanityfair survived one more day without folding. the clock is ticking 
 in any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. fight hard for that brand of yours 
 "statesman of the year" in sarasota fl on sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout 
 wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. they are environmental disasters 
 it is truly an honor that his eminence archbishop of new york @cardinaldolan will be delivering the benediction at the @rnc convention 
 it's thursday. i wonder how much money @barackobama drained from medicare today to finance obamacare 
 great new ad from @mittromney titled "nothing's free" http://t.co/fliu8tjb detailing both the high costs and taxes of obamacare 
 via @dcexaminer: "@realdonaldtrump to speak at @libertyu" http://t.co/d2kyomsq 
 today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers 
 it's sad to see once decent newspapers like @usatoday failing so badly. i just don't know if they can be saved 
 one of the best moves i made early in my career was buying the air rights from tiffany's flagship. trump tower gleams over fifth avenue 
 "change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy." -- rudy giuliani 
 here's a sneak peek at the @dnc convention theme:  "it's not our fault. blame bush. oh and government built it." 
 it's wednesday. i wonder how much money @barackobama borrowed from china today 
 @barackobama said he doesn't take the navy seals campaigning against him "too seriously." 
 can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa! hey @barackobama we did build it 
 @edrendell's book "a nation of wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. go get it 
 congratulations to @yankees derek jeter on passing eddie murray last night to become the 11th all-time @mlb hit leader 
 we are about to have a record $500b trade deficit with the chinese this year. that money should be back here financing jobs in america 
 putin just sent a russian nuclear sub to the gulf of mexico. @barackobama can't be bothered he is too concerned with @mittromney's taxes 
 gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in ca. opec is laughing at how stupid we are 
 @barackobama was caught telling russian pm @medvedevrussiae that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. russia thinks he's weak 
 my shirts ties and fragrance are doing "great" at @macys--try them! make fantastic gifts 
 @washingtonpost thinks @ivankatrump is "what washington's social scene needs" http://t.co/eb8o1rvs truth is she's amazing 
 "an idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --henry ford 
 many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @barackobama's background. i for one won't be 
 it's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'the art of the deal.' the book has changed a lot of lives 
 i am tired of @barackobama talking about @mittromney's father. why don't we discuss barack obama sr. 
 only three weeks until the new season of @celebapprentice begins filming--great all-star cast 
 glad to hear @barackobama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in north carolina. free ad time for trump national in charlotte 
 distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. you need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential 
 every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges 
 amazing--both transformers &amp; dark knight rises featured trump properties and each grossed over $1b. just coincidence 
 @rogerjstonejr was great on @thekudlowreport last night. roger and larry are good friends 
 it's tuesday. i wonder how much money @huffpost lost today--great purchase aol 
 glad to hear that @jimtalent has put some strong anti-china referendums in the @gop convention platform 
 we have to get tough with china before they destroy us 
 in less than a week i'll be honored by  sarasota gop as statesman of the year &amp; then give my big surprise to @rnc convention. will be fun 
 if you have any doubt that @barackobama must be defeated see @dineshdsouza's '2016: obama's america.' amazing film 
 more of my #trumptuesday @squawkcnbc interview discussing how the us gets killed negotiating with other countries http://t.co/63kokpbk 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing #trumptuesdays high ratings @toddakin's statement &amp; @mittromney's policies  http://t.co/eerraeho 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing how @barackobama is running a hateful campaign &amp; the @rnc convention 'surprise' http://t.co/t4cc60p5 
 the @wta released a new #strongisbeautiful celebrity campaign today. amazing athletes. proud to be a part of this.  http://t.co/t48nsuwx 
 congratulations to billy payne and  @augustanational on doing the right thing 
 @rosie get better fast. i'm starting to miss you 
 "i dream for a living." --steven spielberg 
 why are we continuing to train these afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? afghanistan is a complete waste. time to come home 
 unemployment is up in 44 states showing july's unemployment numbers to be broad based  http://t.co/mgejgq2e @barackobama is a job killer 
 scary thought--@joebiden is a heartbeat away from the presidency 
 americans already believe that @paulryanvp is better qualified to serve as  president over @joebiden  http://t.co/ankpt5uj   no surprise 
 oil is rising back over $100 barrel. opec loves to rip us off. why shouldn't they--they always get away with it 
 congratulations to @theslystallone and arnold @schwarzenegger on 'expendables 2' #1 box office opening. still going strong 
 "the only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --vidal sassoon 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am--tune in 
 congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. he is a fantastic governor 
 if @barackobama really loved this country he wouldn't be destroying it. he has ruined our credit and killed jobs with obamacare 
 us government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @barackobama. he is bleeding us dry to china 
 the us government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29t http://t.co/urvnz1kj  china is laughing all the way to the bank 
 @mittromney &amp; @paulryanvp get what needs to be done to reign in china. @barackobama gets kicked around by the chinese 
 great speech on china by @paulryanvp yesterday where he explains why china is treating @barackobama like a "doormat" http://t.co/rakoawvp 
 even ny democrats are avoiding @barackobama's convention  http://t.co/smkshwil  he is dragging his own party down with him 
 great sign:"we built this business without government help. obama can kiss our a--!" http://t.co/qen3dovf commonly heard now across america 
 @dineshdsouza had to give $1000 to @barackobama's brother for his child's hospital bill  http://t.co/iqyuz9zs  isn't that disgraceful 
 via @ellontimeskenny: "trump course sparks international interest" http://t.co/zj3kvqxg 
 my @gretawire interview discussing why @barackobama is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election http://t.co/5uxh5ubz 
 my @foxnews interview on @teamcavuto discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates &amp; @rnc convention  http://t.co/4bayxex5 
 jeffrey robinson's #trumptower has it all. the ultra rich powerful and beautiful. it's your summer must-read.  http://t.co/lqkvizzv 
 the country of georgia is a small wonder. performing well economically under the leadership of @saakashvilim. a great american ally 
 @barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things 
 @mittromney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @barackobama gives his passport records college records &amp; applications 
 "the harder i work the luckier i get." -- samuel goldwyn 
 wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. they make hunters look like nice people 
 palm springs ca has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the gateway on interstate 10. very very sad 
 good news - @mittromney has pulled ahead in wisconsin  http://t.co/crj8ter7 with @paulryanvp on the ticket wisconsin is in play 
 i always said @barackobama will attack iran in some form prior to the election 
 @israel could very well be close to attacking iran. could be this election's big october surprise 
 jennifer aniston is engaged--she's a great person and i wish her well 
 there are only 22 days for @barackobama to drop @joebiden. obama is not a loyal guy. i think he is strongly considering it 
 i still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @wwe 
 congratulations to @wweraw on passing 1000 episodes. @wwe is still going strong after all these years--@vincemcmahon is great 
 there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama 
 certain internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific 
 a great photo of @mittromney and me http://t.co/4hj5hglc 
 i wonder what the work atmosphere is like @vanityfair. it must be hard working at a dying institution 
 what's more dangerous for the country--the iranian nuclear threat or @barackobama as president 
 my interview with don imus on @77wabcradio discussing my @rnc convention surprise &amp; @mittromney's china policy http://t.co/kwk49nux 
 the huffington post is such a loser--it will die just as aol is dying what a stupid deal aol made to buy it 
 military reps have attacked @barackobama over bin laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. not a big surprise 
 one of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @joebiden gaffes. i feel sorry for his spokespeople 
 the @lakers should have an amazing team next year with kobe nash and howard. will be fun to watch 
 "mr. president take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to chicago." -- @mittromney 
 "if you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete."   -- jack welch 
 chelsea clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. she's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) http://t.co/8t01tofl 
 @georgefwill is suggesting football is going away and @mittromney will lose. @georgefwill is a moron 
 $716 billion from medicare by @barackobama. when will it end 
 congratulations to linda mcmahon on her victory in the connecticut senate primary. she is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @linda_mcmahon 
 i have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers. if something works stay with it 
 my acquisition of the doral in maimi will be a major success for the trump organization. the re-building is on schedule 
 i have hired renowned golf course architect gil hanse to rebuild the blue monster at doral. he designed the 2016 (cont) http://t.co/nzuyizkl 
 scary thought--what is the pervert anthony weiner doing with all the free time he has. does he collect unemployment 
 @missteenusa visited today- http://t.co/so3jvegz 
 richard mourdock--a very good man running for the senate in indiana. hopefully he will win! @richardmourdock 
 i'm really glad that @mittromney no longer says what a nice guy @barackobama is 
 lightweight reporter alex pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. hence he writes for loser salon. @salon 
 congratulations to @allenwest on winning last night's primary 
 while @joebiden is a gaffe machine yesterday's comments that @mittromney will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper 
 watch @paulryanvp explain how "'it's irrefutable' that president obama is damaging medicare'" http://t.co/tewhwttp 
 nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers 
 @barackobama is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable bird-killing noisy neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. big mistake 
 the euro is going to collapse soon. cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their euro investments 
 "the chinese are planning on going to the moon...i hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." -@mittromney 
 great news--chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the us stock market http://t.co/yry3tiwe #timetogettough 
 every sports fan is treated to an all star game. the loyal and growing fan base of @celebapprentice will be getting a much bigger treat 
 by the us winning the olympic medal count we proved that both the american spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4b population. usa 
 glad to hear @govchristie will be delivering the keynote for the @rnc convention. he will deliver a strong message 
 today i am working on my 'big surprise' for the @rnc convention. everyone will love it 
 now is the time to buy a house if you can directly from a bank. they want to get rid of all their foreclosures 
 via @dc_decoder: "donald trump to 'surprise' gop convention. what might he do?" http://t.co/4wfrqytl  answer: something major 
 via @cnnpolitics:  "trump will have 'memorable' role at gop convention" http://t.co/zuisvmnp  it's true just wait and see 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing @mittromney's pick of @paulryanvp how to frame medicare debate &amp; @rnc convention http://t.co/ogcbq8z8 
 today is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am. tune in 
 congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold 
 in ’08 @paulryanvp predicted that us headed toward bankruptcy http://t.co/i3ctx8ur @barackobama has added over $6t in debt since. scary 
 borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity. -- @paulryanvp 
 glad to hear patriotic americans are organizing a movement this august to boycott chinese products http://t.co/43ebom3h  people get it 
 obama care stole more then $500m from medicare 
 trump chicago was featured in transformers 3.  trump tower was featured in dark knight rises. both are summer blockbusters. #midastouch 
 the chicago machine is scared. @paulryanvp shows that @mittromney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory 
 today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office 
 monday morning 7:30 am i'll be on @foxandfriends. tune in 
 "believe you can and you're halfway there."--pres. theodore roosevelt 
 over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare 
 rt @ibdeditorials: was barack obama a foreign exchange student? http://t.co/pnleqnyc 
 waste--@barackobama's dep. of energy was warned in advance by treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals http://t.co/zhtruaaa 
 sad--only 36% think america's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past http://t.co/xdombsp3  we can &amp; must do better 
 congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud 
 watch my video blog to see if your questions from my facebook page were answered- http://t.co/8iymgpp6 
 our airports are third world--horrible. let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively 
 @lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair 
 sun newspaper/scotland reports that "tourism jump is thanks to trump." 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries http://t.co/zc0boywu 
 newsmax article: 'trump declines prime time gop convention speech' http://t.co/a968lmwo 
 i will be speaking the night before the rnc in sarasota fl when i receive the "statesman of the year" award 
 as we told the @nydailynews i was asked to speak at the rnc but said no because i will be doing something much bigger--just watch 
 the failing new york daily news knowingly incorrectly reported that i wanted to speak at the republican national convention--wrong 
 china is cooking up conspiracy theories that the olympics are rigged.  http://t.co/0ah0hbjt  they don't understand why they can't cheat 
 all recent presidents have released their transcripts. what is @barackobama hiding 
 the penn state board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the ncaa. they gave away (cont) http://t.co/gxoxludk 
 received a beautiful letter from joe paterno's son jay. he really loved and respected his father 
 @papajohns ceo john schnatte has told shareholders that obamacare will force him to raise pizza prices http://t.co/3yqqkzfs repeal 
 @miketyson and @spikelee i gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog http://t.co/9bwwijqg 
 a review of @miketyson's show great press on trump international golf links scotland and more in today's #trumpvlog- http://t.co/9bwwijqg 
 waste. with 22 new taxes &amp; $1.8t in added debt @barackobama's disgraceful 'obamacare' will still leave 30m uninsured http://t.co/b0tpm6it 
 just letting china know in advance that the usa will win the medal count in the olympics. even with your cheating you can't beat us 
 @macmiller's 'donald trump' song is at 64.5m views on youtube http://t.co/yebetefe  you're welcome mac 
 even more @barackobama crony capitalism &amp; corruption. we are guaranteeing a $105m loan to another obama donor http://t.co/iff3hqt9 
 see newsmax story re republican national convention  http://t.co/a968lmwo 
 over 100m are now receiving some form of welfare http://t.co/m8afg5sb we must do better. @mittromney has the vision to get america working 
 "americans never quit." -- general douglas macarthur 
 the brand new season of @celebapprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. the 'all star' cast will be announced very soon 
 i wonder if @barackobama ever had an indonesian passport. did he become an indonesian citizen when he lived there 
 have you been to the @trumpgrill in the trump tower atrium? best meatloaf in the city--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249 
 to all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. they are out there 
 desperate- @barackobama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on @mittromney's vp picks http://t.co/gn1yv5z3  dirty tactics 
 these are facts: in 2001 the us opened its markets to china &amp; since then more than 2 million americans can't (cont) http://t.co/coewpkgc 
 job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring http://t.co/hdejacwe  why? obamacare us debt &amp; @barackobama's tax plan 
 "act as if what you do makes a difference. it does."  -- william james 
 @barackobama-hood: rob our children's future by borrowing from the chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us 
 no surprise that china was caught cheating in the olympics. that's the chinese m.o. - lie cheat &amp; steal in all international dealings 
 pathetic--@barackobama is 'sweetening' his offer to the taliban http://t.co/nqyeolry read 'the art of the deal.' 
 i always enjoy being interivewed on @wor710 by john gambling. my father fred used to listen to his father's show 
 my @wor710 interview on the john gambling show discussing the 2012 election trump real estate projects &amp; our airports http://t.co/poayvpsz 
 our major airports are decaying. it's embarrassing. we need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast 
 my @foxnews interview on @gretawire discussing the @rnc convention @barackobama's sealed records &amp; real estate advice http://t.co/fr4wsvsw 
 my @foxbusiness interview on @varneyco discussing @barackobama's dirty tactics &amp; how @mittromney should respond http://t.co/ybjbbgcf 
 the nypost reports "@vanityfair magazine dropped 18% to only 283938 newsstand copies sold." very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse 
 great article by @wayneroot @theblaze -- "obama's college classmate: 'the obama scandal is at columbia'" http://t.co/mp76rkht 
 tucson killer loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) http://t.co/vijxqcgo 
 @huffingtonpost is doing very badly. also very inaccurate stories. like aol when will they fail 
 people are finally beginning to hit china and opec. they never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay 
 looking forward to meeting the great folks of sarasota gop party when i am honored as 'statesman of the year.' should be a wonderful time 
 glad that @mittromney is hitting @barackobama on ending work requirements for welfare. obama attacks the american work ethic 
 tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm @foxnews 
 i am honored that @barackobama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. it was made in america 
 a 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @barackobama has added over $6t to the new national debt &amp;  ruined us credit 
 glad to hear that @flgovscott will be speaking at the @rnc convention. he is a true conservative and fantastic governor 
 to the geniuses at 'americans united for change': the more you tax me the less people i employ. get it 
 now the world is looking to china for an economic 'lift' http://t.co/55zpqjb2  @barackobama has ruined our economic hegemony 
 i have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. i employ thousands of people. why am i the enemy 
 the @whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%  http://t.co/jznebujg  a little sensitive are we 
 the real outsourcer - @barackobama is funding german automakers with the gm bailout money http://t.co/amsg3axw  how does that help us 
 now china 'calls in' us diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. http://t.co/lwhbf4ml  the new reality. @barackobama is weak 
 i went to @miketyson's play. i will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog 
 glad to hear clint eastwood endorsed @mittromney. he understands that america needs a big boost to be strong again 
 outrageous--@barackobama is suing to suppress the military vote in ohio http://t.co/asuy2q5b our commander in chief should be ashamed 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the @gop convention @barackobama's sealed records &amp; @senatorreid's tax claimhttp://t.co/fd5wysze 
 the real war on women--over 175000 fewer held jobs in july &amp; 94000 dropped out of labor force http://t.co/ejjndxvi  we must do better 
 congratulations to @barackobama--yesterday marked the 1 yr anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded http://t.co/ejjndxvi 
 the senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @mittromney's taxes 
 the fed should not do another 'stimulus.' we can't keep spending our children's future away on waste 
 convenient - david plouffe collected $100g fee from iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse http://t.co/azs83ean 
 wrong--@barackobama's '08 campaign manager &amp; current senior wh advisor collected $100g fee from iranian affiliate http://t.co/azs83ean 
 @mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus.  if reelected @barackobama will create over $12t in new debt. easy choice 
 "failure defeats losers failure inspires winners." -- robert t. kiyosaki@therealkiyosaki 
 an 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @barackobama bought his house with the help of tony rezko 
 an 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @barackobama's birth certificate is a fraud 
 an 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that @barackobama applied to occidental as a foreign student--think about it 
 china's olympic training program is abusive http://t.co/az2ihcnv it is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. their (cont) http://t.co/ymfshjqr 
 our athletes in the olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. makes us proud to be americans 
 congratulations to @michaelphelps on concluding the greatest olympic career ever. you have made us all very proud 
 congratulations to gabby douglas on winning the gold for the usa in gymnastics. she is terrific 
 over 150000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july. @barackobama is a disaster 
 new job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3% 
 us interest payments on the debt have already passed $375b this year http://t.co/hcpquryc  china is laughing at us---as usual 
 great new ad from @cmteforisrael: 'next year...president @mittromney in jerusalem the capital of israel' http://t.co/6xus8cmy 
 good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on olympic medals http://t.co/arumq0yi  our athletes should not be taxed on their wins 
 make sure to grab your copy of this month's @newsmax_media detailing "the trump effect"  http://t.co/79uqf1vo 
 we need a president who understands the economy - @gallupnews has us unemployment at 8.2% in july up from 8% in june  http://t.co/s0igc7bu 
 in '08 @barackobama hit bush for secrecy http://t.co/aiwwi3q9  when will obama release all his sealed college records? 
 "capital isn't scarce; vision is." --sam walton 
 so generous and pious! after spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel @barackobama donated to himself 
 more lies and deceptions--@barackobama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection http://t.co/fexcgmzx 
 the u.s. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @barackobama. he has stood idle while china steals our jobs 
 jobless claims rose yet again last week http://t.co/whykacxv @barackobama's economic record is abysmal--we can do much better 
 @taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic 
 congratulations to @tedcruz on his texas primary victory last night. he will be an outstanding senator 
 the deficits under @barackobama are the highest in america's history. why is he bankrupting our country 
 now @barackobama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in november   http://t.co/w0ur3yr2 
 @mittromney op-ed "culture does matter" : http://t.co/rviqsxct 
 ohio senator @robportman: @mittromney knows how to return prosperity: http://t.co/tflcjcnc #mitt2012 #tcot 
 good article: "what happened to american men" from @newsmax by michael cohen http://t.co/xoo32rr9 
 new @mittromney tv ad "dream" - for these small businesses hope and change was not so kind: http://t.co/d1yc29ty  #tcot 
 "donald trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in november."-- @newsmax_media's cover "the trump effect" 
 the american gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead 
 @michaelphelps--you are the greatest olympic champion of them all. fantastic job 
 "control your own destiny or someone else will."-- @jack_welch 
 consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak june numbers. @barackobama's policies have created a climate (cont) http://t.co/ga2mwpvg 
 no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed 
 you pick it! #1. anybody that says anything derogatory about @barackobama is labeled stupid insane or (cont) http://t.co/sjrjxxeq 
 enjoying the olympics.  great coverage by @nbc as well. go team usa 
 more waste fraud and abuse - over $460m in food stamps went to ineligible households http://t.co/zmczizbk  where's the accountability 
 attended last night's @yankees game--derek jeter is both a great player and a great guy 
 in '08 @barackobama called jerusalem israel's capital http://t.co/jfv7prhk now he attacks @mittromney on jerusalem http://t.co/kgtwec7o 
 another example of @barackobama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the queen of england an iipod filled with his speeches 
 great to see @mittromney being well-received in poland http://t.co/lscukqhl the poles understand the value of freedom through strength 
 the polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent' 
 great job to missy franklin. she's got a smile that can take over the world. she's also a major talent. great going missy 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing  2012 election polls @mittromney's current trip &amp; the us housing &amp; land market http://t.co/jkswewsk 
 @barackobama blocked keystone. now china is preparing a massive $1.5b oil deal with canada.  http://t.co/zh0cbxen  a terrible deal for us 
 reckless--@barackobama is projecting $1.2t deficit from 2012 budget &amp; a projected $25.4t debt in a decade http://t.co/icpabbjq 
 not only does obamacare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall 
 the chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. only one of many grievances--we should act 
 the us gdp in 2010 was 4.1% down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. i guess @barackobama's plan is not working 
 @barackobama should be careful questioning @mittromney on diplomacy--how many times has obama apologized for our country on foreign soil? 
 @barackobama bowed to the saudi king in public--yet the dems are questioning @mittromney's diplomatic skills 
 the difference between @mittromney and @barackobama's campaign promises to @israel is that mitt will actually keep all of his 
 smart move by the democrats to have pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention 
 "there is no substitute for hard work."--thomas edison 
 why has @barackobama allowed the muslim brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? what hope &amp; change 
 the @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @mark_sanchez &amp; @timtebow will do great things on the field 
 what a 'nice guy' - 97% of @barackobama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on @mittromney http://t.co/rhslj9oq give it back mitt 
 good news - @rasmussenpoll has @mittromney beating @barackobama 49%-44%  http://t.co/qvuilevf  obama was up by 5% at same point in '08 
 i am confident when american public gets to know @mittromney the race will go his way. he's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good 
 price of corn has jumped over 50%. this will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. nasty for the economy 
 the audacity of @barackobama--the federal reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by treasury in 2011. killing our children's future 
 the federal government has $2.7t in assets &amp; $17.5t in total liabilities plus another $4.7t in intergovernmental debt. have a nice day 
 by folding penn state leadership made things worse. the deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. i hope the alumni sue to overturn 
 amazing how fast all of joe paterno's friends abandoned him. they ran for the hills 
 hope &amp; change--since @barackobama has taken office the us debt has increased by an average of $64k per taxpayer 
 us gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why china &amp; opec are laughing all the way to the bank 
 congratulations to @barackobama--he is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term 
 remember when @barackobama promised you could keep your coverage? study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care http://t.co/n4sr0xsi 
 twitter is on @barackobama's enemies list http://t.co/x3xej5jx 
 delusional--@barackobama claims that his economic plan "worked"  http://t.co/gell3xsd  is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan 
 i can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.try to buy directly from a bank 
 the @yankees acquisition of ichiro was a smart move. i look forward to watching him play 
 @penn_state leadership has permanently scarred &amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. they should have (cont) http://t.co/pzhmuyvo 
 which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? http://t.co/sbijowpt  at least @barackobama is consistent 
 china's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing china to rip us off http://t.co/wapwjgxo 
 big--@mittromney is preferred to handle the economy over @barackobama by 63%-29% in a @gallupnews poll http://t.co/ixove8rh 
 @thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: "trump: 'clamor for @mittromney's tax returns has died down'" http://t.co/kelmrleg 
 from: @newsmax_media: "@realdonaldtrump: public not worried about @mittromney's tax returns" http://t.co/mb7x1xwl 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing housing prices the gdp numbers china spreading its wealth and my stock picks. http://t.co/isphpeqq 
 "sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."the art of the deal 
 fast trial and death penalty for maniac in colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation 
 read this--@barackobama's birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers" http://t.co/div9sli2 
 shock--hugo chavez endorses @barackobama http://t.co/fiqnpjfs will he be in chicago on election night too 
 jay carney won't answer reporters questions of "why obama won't release his college transcripts"- come on jay 
 hypocrite--@barackobama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas http://t.co/tlefmljt 
 under @mittromney bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. under @barackobama america has added over $6t in debt 
 foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @mittromney to warn that we are viewed as "in decline" http://t.co/ppuu3yvo 
 who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) http://t.co/hmtyfefb 
 the nypd has been doing a fantastic job protecting nyc. i hope chief ray kelly is strongly considering running for mayor 
 with 15% us real unemployment and a 16t debt @michelle obama's luxurious aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1m http://t.co/cvpnremd 
 must read article in @washtimes: "@realsheriffjoe probe could dwarf watergate" http://t.co/gbvjcn0z 
 weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000. manufacturing sector is suffering badly. we must do better.  http://t.co/og4stxtx 
 my @cnbcclosingbell interview discussing america's financial uncertainty due to @barackobama and the job report http://t.co/u6lgyo6e 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7:30 am. tune in 
 with @barackobama listing himself as "born in kenya" in 1999http://bit.ly/jahqw0 hi laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.  #scam 
 bay bridge in san fransisco built in china keeps getting worse. cost overruns are out of control --- china is having a field day with us 
 i am impressed with the scam @barackobama pulled but the truth will come out 
 breitbart gets it! vote now--@barackobama should release his college application records and grades. he says he (cont) http://t.co/mqy3bzfr 
 at least 12 dead and 50 wounded in colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists 
 some really dumb blogger for failing @vanityfair a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year said i wear a hairpiece --- i don't 
 breitbart gets it! vote now--obama should release his college application records &amp; grades. he says he loves (cont) http://t.co/yjxa91pi 
 @barackobama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged http://t.co/3kgjncem while factory activity is (cont) http://t.co/zezyhua4 
 irresponsible! in the last 6 months @barackobama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his job council 
 more $ thrown away - @barackobama gave $20m to amonix and praised its "success" in '10. it just filed for bankruptcy http://t.co/wbufgdm8 
 great article--a must read by peter ferrara at @forbes about "the biggest government  spender in world history"http://t.co/to6oorom 
 i hope bill clinton and newsmax's chris ruddy are enjoying their mission to africa. two great people 
 in 1999 @barackobama said that he didn't support welfare reform http://t.co/suqtj30m he just gutted the entire program 
 via @breitbartfeed--why doesn't @barackobama release his original book proposal which says he was born in kenya?http://t.co/pddhjcjh 
 great new campaign ad just released by @mittromney  http://t.co/yaucg786 
 since @barackobama is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing fast &amp; furious info to brian terry's family?http://t.co/dafnzbva 
 my @seanhannity interview where i discuss @barackobama's job council @realsheriffjoe's investigation &amp; 2012 election http://t.co/myclr19i 
 corrupt--@barackobama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the obama solyndra boondoggle http://t.co/9tpq5mbp  chicago cronyism 
 "show me someone without an ego and i'll show you a loser." --how to get rich 
 columbia university stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning @barackobama's attendance. (cont) http://t.co/5p104rft 
 taking a photo with my family on the opening day of trump international golf links scotland- http://t.co/1td9p1jc 
 "cowards die many times before their actual deaths." --caesar 
 the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing not even your own success"  
 so @barackobama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of rezko http://t.co/zbgkgpdn 
 john sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @barackobama indeed needs to "learn how to be an american." 
 what recovery? jp morgan has readjusted q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% http://t.co/c9pyimwh 
 what's more important for the american public to have? @mittromney's tax returns or @barackobama's sealed records 
 happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela 
 as i always said the "birthers" were after the truth. thanks to @realsheriffjoe @barackobama can't hide anymore 
 so @barackobama's campaign is calling @mittromney a potential criminal http://t.co/glpry9ls how about obama's tony rezko land deal 
 why does hi revised statute 338-17.8 allow an hi resident who doesn't have to be us citizen to procure an official hawaii birth certificate 
 congratulations to @realsheriffjoe on his successful cold case posse investigation which claims @barackobama's 'birth certificate' is fake 
 @newyorkpost's cindy adams has a great report on the dark knight rises premiere  http://t.co/gonl8ct1 
 on the red carpet at the nyc premiere of dark knight rises with @melaniatrump via @newyorkobserver's @velvet_roper http://t.co/ow3jfwj3 
 the class warfare being played by @barackobama is the only way he can get reelected. he can't have america focus on his horrendous record 
 dark knight rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. remember to watch for trump tower 
 weird--why did barackobama sr. fail to list @barackobama as his son in his 1961 ins application? http://t.co/okbjcrzs 
 #baracktax quote: "if you have health insurance you're not getting hit with a tax." 
 watch @barackobama admit obamacare is a tax http://t.co/6jlii3r8 the gop must continue to disrupt dismantle &amp; repeal 
 according to a @gallupnews poll over 60% think obamacare will make things worse for taxpayers http://t.co/j375jnf1 obamacare is a t-a-x 
 congratulations to john roberts for making americans hate the supreme court because of his bs  http://t.co/vlyj8nkx 
 for the sake of transparency @barackobama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from occidental and columbia 
 why would @barackobama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide 
 when will we see @barackobama's passport records (sealed) 
 @mittromney needs to make @barackobama regret that he ever asked for his tax records 
 my interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 "statesman of the year" by sarasota gop http://t.co/sgfo8om6 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why the fed shouldn't do a qe3 @barackobama's college records &amp; 2012 election  http://t.co/ao6hde9e 
 my review of #thedarkknightrises and more in today's #trumpvlog- http://t.co/xrc4okn6 
 remember how @obamacare did not have any tort reform? now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits http://t.co/f2avsybq 
 i hope @mittromney now starts asking for any &amp; all of @barackobama's sealed records--it's time 
 @barackobama's college application would be very very very very interesting 
 if @barackobama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it 
 i wonder what the answer is on @barackobama's college application to the question: place of birth? maybe the (cont) http://t.co/e8q0xaky 
 outrageous--@barackobama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform http://t.co/gd9ugcqz  he doesn't believe in a strong work ethic 
 "the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- sun tzu 
 so much for hope and change. @barackobama has already spent over $100m on attack ads across the swing states http://t.co/pbayuvfj 
 he has no respect for american exceptionalism. @barackobama has outsourced our space program to the russians http://t.co/usmgfing 
 congratulations to @flgovscott on winning access to federal database http://t.co/zxr8hktj  he is making fl a safe &amp; legal election for 2012 
 i hope @official1mcd is recuperating well in la.  get better!  @omarosa 
 what controversy? 2 'active' @barackobama supporters at bain have confirmed that @mittromney left in '99 http://t.co/fojpxkso no story here 
 bain did not list @mittromney as an executive on its website in 2000 http://t.co/dctoq3qz @barackobama's saul alinsky tactics won't work 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing how @barackobama should release his college applications &amp; records http://t.co/0usm6yzt 
 a drug free a-rod is just an average baseball player.@yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract 
 wife huma wants @repweiner to "pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview." unlike clinton anthony is a sick puppy 
 my friend @theslystallone lost his wonderful son sage this weekend. we all send sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) http://t.co/s4zzj4a8 
 for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed 
 in his entire political career @barackobama has never had a tough @gop opponent before @mittromney. he is a paper tiger. #gomitt 
 the football program at penn state should be suspended 
 penn state is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.they should be ashamed for hiding sandusky's crimes all these years 
 a true honor. @presssec considers asking for @barackobama's college transcripts a "donald trump question." http://t.co/fdroq2v5  release it 
 @barackobama should release all his records (like other presidents) 
 don't believe the lies--every budget @barackobama has delivered to congress raises the income tax on everyone http://t.co/dvu19pvi 
 think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed 
 @barackobama wants to see 10 yrs of @mittromney's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.' 
 nasty  tactics being used by @barackobama campaign against @mittromney. must stop saying obama is a nice man--he is not 
 america's olympic uniforms are manufactured in china. burn the uniforms!#u.s.olympiccommittee 
 i wonder why @barackobama is not going to the naacp convention. is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% black unemployment 
 seth meyers was terrible co-hosting with kelly. marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great regis philbin 
 "free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class." - @mittromney 
 back in ny from scotland and fighting for our country to get better. trump international golf links scotland opened to rave reviews 
 "what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."--ralph waldo emerson 
 "if you don't have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre. is that how (cont) http://t.co/ekss9xho 
 have we ever had a potus before @barackobama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country 
 @barackobama reported over $269710 of foreign income out of his gross $894520 and paid $5841 in foreign taxes http://t.co/oue7jrnf 
 even the left realizes that @barackobama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. http://t.co/ho3amjh3 
 almost daily more discrepancies in @barackobama's biography continue to arise. who is this guy 
 very strange--why do database records contradict @barackobama and show he was only at columbia 1 year? http://t.co/zjojrvvg 
 "there's no bigger name in america than donald trump political or nonpolitical." --sarasota gop chair joe gruters 
 today @mittromney addressed the naacp. @barackobama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high black unemployment 
 nice interview in the @the atlantic of sarasota gop chair joe gruters on my 2012 'statesman of the year' award http://t.co/odiyqiq3 
 great to see tony la russa manage one last game last night. congratulations to the national league on winning the @mlb all-star game 
 via @afp: "trump tees off on new golf course in scotland"  http://t.co/s9yzymoa 
 chris ruddy is always on point: "trump opens 'greatest golf course in the world'" http://t.co/imy5wsqr  via @newsmax_media 
 great article in the @guardian -- "donald trump opens £100m golf course" http://t.co/bi2vmlje 
 how can @barackobama invoke richard nixon against @mittromney when obama just used executive privilege on fast &amp; furious? 
 what a coincidence?! @barackobama's campaign logo uses the same font as cuban communist propaganda posters. http://t.co/eavn6kpu 
 "however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results." -- winston churchill 
 congrats to @barackobama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6t (cont) http://t.co/z3uepkwl 
 everyone is talking about how trump tower is the exterior for wayne enterprises in dark knight rises---it's true. http://t.co/0842b3yz 
 the liberal media is focusing on @mittromney's bank records. how about reviewing @barackobama's illegal land deal contracts with tony rezko 
 the u-6 unemployment rate is over 14.9%. obamacare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding 
 why is @barackobama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? this is the latest http://t.co/4ivbckte 
 @mittromney should not give any other further information until @barackobama releases the things that everyone wants to see---- 
 president obama wants @mittromney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @barackobama reveals his college applications 
 i'm in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing 
 i am truly honored to have been chosen statesman of the year by the republican party of sarasota county. the (cont) http://t.co/vxnsqp4g 
 my family and i just arrived in scotland for the grand opening of trump international golf links scotland- http://t.co/vnzrrtet 
 gotta hand it to @ivankatrump she loved doral from the time we looked at it. the trump-doral will be an icon. #sayfie #newsmax 
 when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax 
 a great 4th of july! america a great country who's brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead 
 hope and change? job numbers down. time for @mittromney 
 keep an eye on anthony weiner. weasels are hard to get rid of 
 as i anticipated justice roberts made the cover of time magazine etc. the liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed 
 job numbers today--- terrible! so what else is new 
 "never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." ― f. scott fitzgerald 
 john roberts arrived in malta yesterday.  maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there 
 when will pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to osama bin laden for 6 years?! some "ally." 
 today @barackobama is in ohio on a bus tour. tomorrow pennsylvania. how about actually running the country 
 may jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  @barackobama's economy is a disaster http://t.co/nj0glzld new numbers tomorrow 
 i don't care what people say i like tom cruise. he works his ass off and never ever quits. he's one of the few true movie stars 
 "we must never bend too much." -- yitzhak shamir (1915-2012) http://t.co/hucdsvb7 
 welcome to @barackobama's america - 8.74 million workers on 'federal disability" http://t.co/v7cqcfnx where are the jobs? 
 via @ap's: obamacare "is a tax" http://t.co/vzmg1g5v @barackobama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. shameful 
 hypocrite! in '06 @barackobama called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" http://t.co/ocnibfe5 
 just as i predicted @barackobama is preparing a possible attack on iran right before november. http://t.co/isajp1xo 
 wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @barackobama will not vacation in martha's vineyard this summer.http://b.globe.com/lj5bqw 
 degenerate former congressman anthony weiner is trying to make a comeback. he is a sick &amp; perverted man that new york does not want or need 
 con ed has won its suit against the ground zero mosque developers http://t.co/wtuwxpjb the mosque is never going up 
 tomorrow we celebrate independence day america's 236th birthday. here is america's actual birth certificate   http://t.co/0dnwgi5p 
 i believe @barackobama made a deal with the saudis to increase oil production until after the election. then (cont) http://t.co/nccjoszw 
 great poll numbers for @mittromney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states 
 the 'brunt' of obamacare will be shouldered by folks making under $120k  http://t.co/ojtv1mid 
 is it legal for @barackobama to make campaign donor calls from air force one? http://t.co/tjm5nnvt obama is always fundraising on our dime 
 why is @barackobama continuing to lie? http://t.co/arwfq3xa has found that @mittromney did not ship jobs overseas http://t.co/1fvw7atm 
 happy to have just passed 1.3m twitter followers. love communicating with everyone daily 
 david wright of the ny mets should have been on the 1st team all stars. he's having a great year 
 don't believe @barackobama's whining--pro-romney superpac spending is on par with pro-obama superpac http://t.co/rscmqggg 
 dangerous--the usc obamacare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity 
 china court: apple pays $60m to settle ipad case. china is getting away with murder. http://t.co/l4fvnlof 
 wrong: a china court ordered @apple to pay $60m to a chinese company that registered ipad before @apple http://t.co/4syzmqhh 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing obamacare the romney-trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for jones beach http://t.co/ufzheehm 
 tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am. tune in 
 "a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --general douglas macarthur 
 interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate 
 friends of mine who are driving cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @cadillac has done 
 obamacare has 21 tax hikes http://t.co/05sjpoxx  there's now only one solution--defeat @barackobama this november! #gomitt 
 great news--here comes the tea party! @mittromney has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the obamacare decision 
 justice kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of justice roberts' bullshit 
 interesting that roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) http://t.co/w47efau7 
 had a great time with @mittromney last night. he is focused and ready for the battle ahead. lots of money was raised 
 it seems that justice scalia originally wrote the majority on obamacare and roberts then switched his position. http://t.co/09769aik 
 justice roberts did the republican party and @mittromney a great favor. he essentially said obamacare is a tax (cont) http://t.co/1swlh6c5 
 justice roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) http://t.co/hsd0dvjn 
 wind farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. http://t.co/fzndm7zb 
 obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. we must all focus now on electing @mittromney this november 
 a list from @heritage: "top 10 most expensive obamacare taxes and fees" http://t.co/7xuaxxoq 
 #fullrepeal: stopping obamacare is now up to the american people. we must elect @mittromney this november 
 remember this---@barackobama told @gstephanopoulos in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax http://t.co/xnsbcxcs 
 the usc made a terrible decision today. how can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a government tax? 
 wow the supreme court passed @obamacare. i guess @justiceroberts wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew 
 preliminary talks have begun for next season's #celebrityapprentice. as usual we will have another great season 
 "the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --benjamin disraeli 
 it is terrible that @barackobama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. no accountability 
 the fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. that would be (cont) http://t.co/lqmm7byh 
 who's the outsourcer? @barackobama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in china and india. http://t.co/rw8caisc 
 a "lion's list" of democrats are not attending @barackobama's dnc convention. the democratic party is in turmoil. http://t.co/8j3bt1cz 
 unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @mittromney's election will end the @barackobama downturn 
 "experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards." --vernon sanders law 
 scary--now china's development bank is looking to buy u.s. homes and developments http://t.co/y50noi5r they will own our country soon 
 welcome to the new egypt muslim brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from israeli journalists http://t.co/oiliiiub 
 shock - @barackobama's dnc convention has a $27m deficit and events are starting to be canceled. http://t.co/hoortf0z 
 "empty pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- norman vincent peale 
 outrageous- @barackobama has spent over $2.7b on implementing @obamacare since the oral arguments at scotus  http://t.co/rpwilb86 
 i am glad america is starting to get to know @mittromney the way i know him. a wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) http://t.co/nukaz0fr 
 another broken promise by @barackobama: @obamacare actually increases income inequality http://t.co/hulkxmqc it must be fully repealed 
 what a statesman! @barackobama made sure to quickly call the muslim brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) http://t.co/1lcvearb 
 the islamists have won. just as i predicted the muslim brotherhood has taken over egypt. @barackobama never should have abandoned mubarek 
 my @foxandfriends interview re: muslim brotherhood taking over egypt our vast natural gas resources &amp; us tax system  http://t.co/vhgk9x1i 
 tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am 
 an insightful article on @barackobama http://t.co/db8uyvfo 
 wind power is proving to be very costly and unsightly 
 sometimes there is justice. a chinese military newspaper was hacked. http://t.co/cgzyoszb 
 many democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the dnc convention in charlotte http://t.co/cak0bpr1 smart politics 
 watch the wh spokesman try to spin @barackobama's rationale for using exec. priv. on fast &amp; furious http://t.co/mygebrjq 
 the $9b that @barackobama spent in 'stimulus' for solar wind projects created 910 total jobs costing $9.8m each. http://t.co/ar9ghklz 
 moody's is out to make publicity. the bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for @moody's giving aaa (cont) http://t.co/8ey1ifc5 
 u.s. tuitions are completely out of control. in the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15%. http://t.co/buntypbt unsustainable 
 congrats to @miamiheat on winning @nba championship. @mickyarison is a tremendous owner &amp; has done wonders for (cont) http://t.co/1uzibexj 
 good messaging and staying on point. @mittromney called @barackobama "anti-investment anti-business anti-jobs"http://t.co/n7bvk7iy 
 "opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - thomas edison 
 sad--just 16% of american parents think their children will be better off than them http://t.co/n6svvkuk   we can do much better 
 the @barackobama campaign took in $39m in may but spent $44.6m. sound familiar 
 the new @darknightrises trailer is fantastic http://t.co/ogsntisb  trump tower stood in for wayne enterprises during filming 
 rape is a huge problem in the u.s. military. over 19000 rapes last year 
 i look forward to playing golf with president @barackobama someday 
 the usc should be ruling any day now on @obamacare. hopefully we will get the right result 
 shock - @barackobama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @mittromney events http://t.co/tdzthk2v 
 corrupt--with the national security leaks and fast &amp; furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in @barackobama's white house 
 yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @barackobama administration. http://t.co/3xybmuyx 
 the amateur! first @barackobama was caught bowing to the saudi king but now the president of mexico!  http://t.co/f0cfius9 
 now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. in 5 years remember i told you so 
 @macmiller's "donald trump" just hit 60 million hits. maybe i should go into a new business 
 congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! he will do really well. (it pays to win #celebrityapprentice) 
 putin has no respect for our president --- really bad body language 
 now the chinese are planning a war game w/ the iranianssyrians &amp; russians along syrian coast. http://t.co/4b9ulxxv laughing at @barackobama 
 congrats to roger clemens he showed great courage. this case never should have been brought to trial. andy pettitte did the right thing 
 now even @barackobama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. http://t.co/qoh1or3m  he has embarrassed them 
 my @squawkcnbc interview re: europe's financial mess investing in spain germany's economy and the future of the euro http://t.co/mtwytrnz 
 on friday @vpbiden said that china has better cities and airports than the us. well what has @barackobama done about it the last 3 years? 
 i don't mind that @barackobama plays a lot of golf. i just wish he used it productively to make deals with congress 
 "before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself. when you become a leader success is all about growing others." -jack welch 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. always interesting. tune in 
 win a dinner with @mittromney and me in new york this june 28th. it's selling like hotcakes! http://t.co/tqhszz5n 
 "things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden 
 the u.s. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in china. if the chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor 
 today's announcement by @barackobama on immigration was done for reelection. he is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool 
 now is the time for the @gop to be united with the mission of electing @mittromney this november. stop with the public divisions 
 i wonder when we will be able to see @barackobama's college and law school applications and transcripts. why the long wait 
 "leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --dwight d. eisenhower 
 great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @derekjeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. absolute professional 
 "i don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@barackobama) picking losers" --@mittromney 
 failure--for all of @barackobama's talk of "engaging the world" u.s. favorability has dropped around the world http://t.co/i6sohsgm 
 watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-  http://t.co/fxavxe8y 
 shocking--over 92% of france--who just elected a socialist for its new pm--want @barackobama re-elected http://t.co/6emqkvhx 
 today both @barackobama and @mittromney are giving speeches on their economic policies in ohio. the choice is (cont) http://t.co/7svt1ddy 
 today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again 
 "the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi 
 the one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. this is the time to buy 
 scary-$6t in debt and $1t annual budget deficits later @barackobama is asking for more time to fix the economy http://t.co/wp4ozvqx 
 china's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. the yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005 
 the @mittromney healthcare plan post obamacare relies on consumer choices with more options http://t.co/b3ivajvi the perfect remedy 
 thanks to @barackobama rejecting the keystone xl pipeline china has become canada's biggest oil consumer. china is laughing at us 
 once again @cher tweets nonsense about @mittromney. she needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems 
 good news--@mittromney is now leading in north carolina according to @ppppolls. the nc gop is united after their (cont) http://t.co/o5yrxtod 
 my @ingrahamangle interview discussing @jebbush's comments a united 2012 gop #celebapprentice &amp; trump#miss universe http://t.co/iv3bm8ld 
 biden @vp spends $1 million annually for weekend trips http://t.co/fisvfav0 
 the euro put in place to hurt the u.s. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think 
 good--@flgovscott is suing the federal government so he can protect the voter rolls  http://t.co/4typvqvh  florida must be a legal election 
 "success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --winston churchill 
 sad.@barackobama has already exempted major oil importers on iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with china.http://nyti.ms/kaonvq 
 scary--americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 http://t.co/woewpyj5  but @barackobama thinks the private economy is "doing fine." 
 @mittromney is 100% right. the us supreme court should do "the right thing" &amp; overturn obamacare or the country (cont) http://t.co/lemcbr00 
 welcome to the new reality. goldman sachs just based their new asia pacific chairman not in tokyo but beijing.  http://t.co/wnwdzjte 
 don't believe the media stories. opec and the saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. oil should be $30/barrel 
 the @timestribune - "@erictrump: eyes are on northeast pa. with gas development"  http://t.co/j3ureexq 
 as one of miamii's largest landowners i am pulling for the @miamiheat in the @nba finals. lebron's time is now! @kingjames 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing jamie dimon the doral miami purchase opec's output &amp; @pgatour open http://t.co/hr2kh5io 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher's comments attacks on @mittromney and @cnn &amp; @msnbctv's low ratings http://t.co/wrvwfd1m 
 sadly it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our secretary of commerce is--and such an important position 
 "the entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --michael gerber 
 don jr. will present the keynote address in south africa on dec. 1st @theinvestshow 
 trump tuesday--@squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:38 am 
 the justice department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. this is a very grave situation 
 waste--hud is spending $70m to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants http://t.co/zkgdvbcd  does it get any dumber 
 china has copied our military's f-22 raptor design http://t.co/oqi65leb we should offset their theft from our debt 
 last friday's gaffe by @barackobama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.everything to him revolves around gov't 
 "donald trump" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy 
 with almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). finally i will be a critic 
 @mannypacquiao was robbed in his title fight on saturday night. no wonder boxing is dying. bring back the 15 round fights 
 miss florida was great in her denial of miss pennsylvania's phoney statements. she blows miss pennsylvania away- a different league  
 thanks to @therealmarilu a great woman for her wonderful defense of the miss usa pageant 
 accounting firm ernst &amp; young and the celebrity judges are insulted by miss pennsylvania's made up pr 
 miss pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of miss usa olivia culpo 
 beautiful @missusa in @newyorkpost tomorrow as audrey hepburn in front of tiffany's 
 too bad i'll have another out of belmont stakes- interest now way down 
 typical--@barackobama's press secretary deflects any criticism of obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. my great honor 
 now @barackobama is telling @mittromney how to control his own assets. http://t.co/01ooawrj  obama is consumed by class warfare 
 this is a tragedy. the real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed americans. we can do much better 
 "he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious." -- sun tzu 
 small businesses will have an ally in the white house with @mittromney. mitt gave a great interview yesterday http://t.co/yfyxjdaq 
 take a tour of this amazing penthouse in trump park avenue.... http://t.co/uo6erfgp 
 shock--even more @barackobama solar corruption. @vpbiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest doe loan. http://t.co/dhdykwb2 
 greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @barackobama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable 
 how foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @barackobama accepts donations from bain? http://t.co/1qjrbcby 
 it's good to see that @flgovscott is protecting the sanctity of this november's elections voter fraud must be broken 
 while i own properties across the world i am very excited about my new acquisition of @doral in miami. (cont) http://t.co/itidqoj1 
 @mittromney and i are working out a great dinner for someone- i hope it's you! http://t.co/sfgfjpji 
 why is @barackobama spending millions to try and hide his records? he is the least transparent president--ever--and he ran on transparency 
 the results are in. i killed wolf blitzer in our debate. i like wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn 
 china's new and advanced currency manipulation is killing the u.s. help 
 the miss usa pageant #missusa was a big ratings hit for @nbc--nbc won the evening. thank you donald 
 @billclinton was very nice to me as i am to him on the piers morgan show (cnn). he is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan 
 is roger simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? now he's attacking @billclinton in defense of (cont) http://t.co/npsnosue 
 @melaniatrump on @qvc tonight at 7pm est. tune in 
 obama was very disloyal to wisconsin democrats. @barackobama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) http://t.co/2c3kw42h 
 congratulations to @scottkwalker of wisconsin--a great victory. a smart and tough guy. great going 
 it was @barackobama who promised "if you like your plan you can keep your plan." now obamacare is causing (cont) http://t.co/ihr83uxw 
 china's best friend @barackobama wants to cut the us fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since wwi.http://bit.ly/mvg74d 
 "a market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- henry ford 
 while @barackobama spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487b in cuts http://t.co/y9zragzt 
 what a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio vp pick would 'insult' hispanics  http://t.co/x56yengt 
 we have all been following the wisconsin recall election. @scottkwalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. a governor who gets results 
 trump vineyard estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. watch the video for a look- http://t.co/z3kdvqbn 
 just cancelled my subscription to @usatoday. boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. founder (cont) http://t.co/ant78s4h 
 my @squawkcnbc interview. http://t.co/nr0w01sg 
 now that china's own economy is slowing http://t.co/w0qjcgbg watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) http://t.co/fhal7i49 
 in some ways it is sad. we all wanted @barackobama to succeed. it's not worked out that way 
 the real war on women. under @barackobama 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office http://t.co/gokfl9sq 
 welcome to the new reality-- be careful. retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. http://t.co/paoclpbh 
 i had a wonderful meeting with likud deputy speaker of the knesset @dannydanon this past friday in trump tower http://t.co/z4m84gw2  #israel 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing #missusa olivia culpo the job numbers &amp; the waste of the obama stimulus http://t.co/sf4a0zfq 
 congratulations to miss rhode island on winning the miss usa contest. she did an amazing job 
 "sooner or later those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier 
 trump tuesday @squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:30 am  tune in 
 i had fun appearing in the video for carly rae jepsen's #callmemaybe for #missusa 2012- http://t.co/5hzwnsvm 
 watch #missusa 2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est 
 i had a fun time doing the #callmemaybe video featuring  the @missusa contestants @bravoandy and @giulianarancic-  http://t.co/bsmvsbui 
 i am in las vegas for the @missusa 2012 pageant. watch live tonight on @nbc at 9pm et. http://t.co/zoivzgeq 
 the @missusa 2012 contestants standing outside of trump tower in new york city- http://t.co/cygenvsb @missusa 2012 tomorrow at 9pm et nbc 
 the stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers 
 almost all reporters falsely report that i had a "bad time" at last year's white house correspondents' dinner. (cont) http://t.co/itd5hsbd 
 "sooner or later those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier 
 now the @barackobama campaign is fundraising off of me. i should get a tax rebate! http://t.co/e3tr9s8r 
 waste! the cbo now estimates that @barackobama's stimulus cost $831b and a ridicuous $4.1m per job created http://t.co/acb1eixg 
 what a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in boston yesterday! completely outmaneuvered by the @mittromney campaign 
 now @barackobama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  http://t.co/h2xe7vht 
 pres. bill clinton 5.31.12: "@mittromney had a sterling business career." 
 tune in sunday june 3 to nbc at 9pm et for the 2012 miss usa competition coming from planet hollywood resort &amp; casino in las vegas 
 over $1t in annual deficit spending and adding over $6t to the debt for what? may jobless numbers are horrendous. the great obama recovery 
 @melaniatrump's interview on @foxandfriends discussing her beautiful jewelry linemy son barron and the 2012 campaign http://t.co/dwlyzckv 
 the @missusa 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at trump tower in new york city- http://t.co/ywthq4du 
 bay bridge in california made in china for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. are we stupid 
 see you tonight in north carolina. making keynote for the republican party- will be fun 
 thank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story- http://t.co/ckrwpxlb 
 unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...be sure to tune in 
 "the difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but (cont) http://t.co/feqvzsrz 
 us job cuts jumped 53% in may from aprilhttp://t.co/mdcxy9vj  this is the obama recovery 
 pathetic! since @govwalker is going to win the recall @barackobama is trying to disown the endorsement of tom barrett http://t.co/p6cwj6dp 
 q1 gdp has just been revised down to 1.9% http://t.co/tx9ij8kq  the economy is in deep trouble 
 does anyone believe that @barackobama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet 
 when will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @barackobama's ineptitude 
 dine with the donald and mitt http://t.co/sfgfjpji 
 looking forward to meeting everyone at the north carolina gop this friday where i will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #gop 
 china and saudi arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont) http://t.co/osvjxn1a 
 "the golden rule for every businessman is this: 'put yourself in your customer's place.'"--orison swett marden 
 commodity prices are beginning  to drop as a result of the euro crisis http://t.co/16wtpchy 
 so @reuterspolitics claims that @mittromney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' http://t.co/ompv8f10 where (cont) http://t.co/b85y89lz 
 it was an honor to be with @mittromney the night he clinched the nomination. he will defeat @barackobama and be a tremendous potus 
 how ironic that @barackobama's campaign would call me a charlatan. have they looked at their boss's record 
 the @mittromney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success 
 george will was critical of @mittromney throughout the primary. maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) http://t.co/b9h5iveg 
 george will was pushing for @jonhuntsman for the gop nomination in december...said he was going to win. (cont) http://t.co/ilotza6z 
 the @barackobama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of john mccain being nice &amp; respectful. i'll bet john (cont) http://t.co/utkqpoqv 
 my @gretawire interview discussing my @mittromney fundraiser in trump int'l hotel las vegas and the state of the (cont) http://t.co/pxmkcocw 
 my @cnn interview with @wolfblitzercnn where i discuss @barackobama's 'birth certificate' and why @cnn has low ratings http://t.co/pqwr5xuh 
 scary--america would have had to pay all its gdp to the government to cover @barackobama's real 2011 budget deficit http://t.co/loar8bd6 
 now chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue us soldiers http://t.co/kr5ovy5q china loves to cheat 
 everybody is raving about the trump home mattress by @sertamattresses. if you are looking for a mattress go buy (cont) http://t.co/mneu4dap 
 in his own words @barackobama "was born in kenya and raised in indonesia and hawaii." this statement was made (cont) http://t.co/nissypv9 
 rush is right. @limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than @barackobama...in fact far more jobs 
 what could be better than dinner with @mittromney and me? http://t.co/tqhszz5n 
 i want to see @barackobama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application 
 it's amazing how celebrities such as @cher can say horrible untrue things about republican politicians and it's (cont) http://t.co/xvuvzjom 
 reverend wright was dumped like a dog by @barackobama--he can't be feeling too good 
 perhaps @barackobama's biggest shortcoming as president is he failed to unite the country 
 pres @barackobama expects @mittromney to play nice like @senjohnmccain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different 
 "for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."   aristotle 
 the greatest commodity to own is land. it is finite. god is not making any more of it 
 so @barackobama will attack @mittromney's career at bain capital but won't return donations from bain executives http://t.co/kxrify31 
 unsustainable- @barackobama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term http://t.co/lc7qn9ei he loves debt 
 now @barackobama has decided there are 5 million palestinian refugees http://t.co/iaogmpi1  he always goes against @israel's interest 
 in '08 @barackobama said that bush adding $4t to the debt was unpatriotic.http://bit.ly/ped2ww @barackobama has already added $6t 
 i am very excited about hosting @mittromney today for a fundraiser. looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends 
 losers such as george will and @rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. they are strictly third rate 
 @barackobama is practically begging @mittromney to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and (cont) http://t.co/ehvjlv0s 
 george will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. if the republicans listen to him they will lose 
 "attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- winston churchill 
 hypocrite! long before @barackobama called the tea party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a hyde park rallyhttp://bit.ly/lqiha7 
 dine with the donald and mitt:http://t.co/sfgfjpji 
 pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the men in black iii premiere in new york city http://t.co/i66z4pi2 we loved the movie 
 why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the government?http://t.co/memevest seems excessive 
 egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. they will soon be very strongly against israel. thanks president obama. @barackobama 
 my @newsmax_media interview discussing opec us gas resources @mittromney and running a campaign against @barackobama http://t.co/kvgkacuo 
 "do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." ralph waldo emerson 
 josh brolin a friend of mine was terrific in "men in black." congrats 
 cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. great management team--congratulations! @cadillac 
 lolo jones our beautiful olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @followlolo 
 what a series the @nyrangers @nhldevils is turning out to be! tonight's game should be another close one 
 obamacare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt http://t.co/byfrxtzj it must be repealed 
 interesting.@barackobama's 1981 transfer class to columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the columbia spectator http://t.co/9ypduy7v 
 welcome to twitter @melaniatrump 
 capitalism doesn't guarantee success only a chance to succeed. the community organizer @barackobama doesn't (cont) http://t.co/b3uevzfy 
 the storied success of bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @mittromney will be a great potus 
 disaster! the @barackobama tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the cbo http://t.co/dnizd13r 
 "obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- henry ford 
 a bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing rev. wright's ed klein interview and the 2012 campaign http://t.co/enwzotf2 
 a segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @corybooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign http://t.co/xllhi3ni 
 the @barackobama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations http://t.co/vou2mzm1 
 i'll be on piers morgan tonight this evening 9 pm on cnn. be sure to tune in. @pierstonight 
 i wonder if @barackobama ever applied to occidental columbia or harvard as a foreign student. when can we see (cont) http://t.co/hxsveyba 
 the republicans should use everything against @barackobama--just as @barackobama is going to use everything (cont) http://t.co/f9kcd01e 
 china is now given preference to buy us debt by going directly to treasury. i don't believe @barackobama knows that he selling us out 
 glad to see that sacha baron cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. he is talentless. @sacha_b_cohen 
 hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the rnc convention in tampa?http://t.co/sdzusknq  that's a speech everyone would watch 
 i am a registered republican. http://t.co/uuoxeu8v with @mittromney as the nominee we can defeat @barackobama 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why i don't own facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @barackobama http://t.co/qrjymuz0 
 who would you like to see on next season of #celebrityapprentice? let us know- everyone wants to be on it 
 in today's #trumpvlog i talk about how well will smith handled the situation with the reporter- http://t.co/f1ptar0c 
 i loved walter cronkite one of the all time greats. he couldn't stand dan rather--i agree with walter. @danratherreport 
 president obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first african-american president of the (cont) http://t.co/iuknzpac 
 rapper @macmiller's song "donald trump" now has 57 million hits--- i created another star--- where's my cut 
 rev. wright called @barackobama on tape a liar. why isn't this being looked into? it would be a great commercial for the republicans 
 mr. pesident @barackobama you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy 
 will smith did a great job by smacking the guy "reporter" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) http://t.co/tvukqx9o 
 america has lost its aaa rating and gained over $6t in debt under @barackobama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--scary 
 congratulations to @davidwright of the #mets. what a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. also a fantastic guy 
 the @yankees must re-negotiate @arod's contract. he is not the same player without drugs 
 #celebrityapprentice who will win? http://t.co/1ijfi52y find out tonight- live season finale at 9pm et on nbc 
 time warner cable went out on 5th avenue for 2 plus days. they are a disaster. i think i'm going to switch 
 sure--@barackobama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' http://t.co/7es4vubi pretty convenient 
 let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. @barackobama was described in 2003 as being "born in kenya." http://t.co/vfqjesjl 
 reckless! why is @barackobama wasting over $70 billion on 'climate change activities?' will he ever learn? http://t.co/syk3t3eb 
 seems hard to believe that @facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. and mark zuckerberg--get a pre-nup 
 donna summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @thedonnasummer 
 mitt romney matches sitting president in fundraising for april--not an easy thing to do. bad news for (cont) http://t.co/ivtmq6xx 
 under mayor @mikebloomberg and police commissioner @ray kelly all violent crime in nyc is down dramatically. that's leadership 
 "the best vision is insight." --malcolm forbes 
 wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama's high school and college records 
 @facebook's mark zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. my advice? get a pre-nup! http://t.co/2hyrxryi @realmarkzuck 
 here's what i told @gretawire on @fox when it comes to singer @cher's inappropriate attacks on @mittromney http://t.co/pxfdraxs 
 "diligence is the mother of good luck."--benjamin franklin 
 shock! while attacking @mittromney's private equity experience @barackobama raises $2m from private equity bankers http://t.co/ayukriky 
 wrong! under @barackobama's watch @israel is not being invited to nato summit in chicago this month http://t.co/x45yrqne 
 glad to see that jamie dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. the jp morgan stock holders understand that a good ceo is worth keeping 
 the final two- @arsenioofficial and @clayaiken- visited yesterday- http://t.co/nyhzlcvx 
 under @barackobama the iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. http://t.co/uu29znyd 
 we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks 
 why the nation's debt keeps growing - a dept of agriculture employee made over $242k with a $63k bonus http://t.co/9krxspzp   ridiculous 
 a great ad from @mittromney showing "a few of the 23 million" unemployed who need economic change http://t.co/7fidpmsh take it to him mitt 
 why won't @barackobama repeal the defense of marriage act if he supports gay marriage? http://t.co/fcxsbaty  he is gaming the issue 
 according to @rasmussenpoll @mittromney has a 12 point advantage over @barackobama on the economy http://t.co/qxrsi6rh look for it to grow 
 congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the "hall of famous missourians." rush is a great guy &amp; a great character 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing jamie dimon banking regulations and mark zuckerberg's prenuptial http://t.co/1cxrxsik 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama's misleading political ad @mittromney's response and @cher  &amp; @rosie http://t.co/rwvxex4e 
 i hope mark zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion 
 "don't find fault. find a remedy."   --henry ford 
 worired that the usc will strike down obamacare @barackobama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools http://t.co/a5fgcl6m 
 more than $500 million designated for iraqi army disappeared. where is it? our sad sad country--what have we come to 
 mitt romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at liberty university with a wonderful introduction by mark demoss. well done. @mittromney 
 now china is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the philippines  http://t.co/zozkqvpy  very aggressive 
 did @barackobama try to bribe rev. wright with $150k?  http://t.co/wln2pv1q i am sure the media will be all over this 
 great quote from the late steve jobs: "innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." 
 facebook billionaire gives up his u.s. citizenship in order to save taxes. i guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) http://t.co/xapbfxlm 
 very resource rich canada our neighbor is looking to china for its growth. just another sad commentary on the u.s. http://t.co/8duw3buf 
 the time magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what time did to get noticed. @time 
 howard stern will do a great job on @america'sgottalent. he's very smart and really gets what talent is. @howardstern 
 @cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. i (cont) http://t.co/2cp8ocfd 
 @andypettitte ratted out his best friend @rogerclemens in a ridiculous trial. not nice! who is rooting for andy p 
 ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot 
 terrible. wind farms are provided permits by the us government which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles 
 good news. voters give @mittromney the edge over @barackobama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews http://t.co/qpjia1mr 
 if the press can report stories from @mittromney's dorm years then why can't it find @barackobama's college and law school transcripts 
 procter and gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from cincinnati to asia--what are we doing? 
 the april jobs report is terrible. if the labor forces didn't shrink under @barackobama then real unemployment (cont) http://t.co/eyflfbkl 
 selective memory - @barackobama says that he "forgets" the recession http://t.co/6zbad1vr maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs 
 watch celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc--we're winding up for a terrific finale. what a season! http://t.co/y6qsh1uv 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 a.m.  always a great time 
 in the uk taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate. http://t.co/27pgt7ef they (cont) http://t.co/nruh9yte 
 who's the flip flopper? @mittromney has never flip flopped on gay marriage 
 our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates http://t.co/fii49rcn the us manufacturing sector is being (cont) http://t.co/xfg4erou 
 @charles barclay a friend of mine &amp; a wonderful guy didn't mean to be so nasty to @mittromney.  he was just (cont) http://t.co/oam3ayn6 
 congratulations to @israelipm @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. a major political success for the jewish state of israel 
 welcome to the new reality. @barackobama is now letting china buy us banks http://t.co/i1c02ub2 the us government is selling us out 
 @cher attacked @mittromney. she is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. like @rosie o'donnell a total loser 
 the polling numbers show a close race. @mittromney needs all of our support 
 georgetown should not host @kathleensebelius for the graduation ceremony. her policies abuse catholics 
 gas prices are still too high. we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil 
 joe biden called america "the problem" vis a vis iran http://t.co/t1cplizn  he never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@joebiden 
 my @gretawire interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers china charles barkleyfrance and the election  http://t.co/t8vxroyz 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the republic of georgia taxes the fledgling economy and facebook http://t.co/aiv3qmch 
 "it's not that i'm so smart it's just that i stay with problems longer."  some good words from albert einstein. it pays to be tenacious 
 my son don will be giving the keynote address at the investment show in sandton south africa on dec. 1. he's an (cont) http://t.co/9ujzb8na 
 2011 #celebrityapprentice winner @johnrich and @marleematlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode- http://t.co/2m1jsv0w 
 "entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #midastouch 
 "i don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience." @midastouch @therealkiyosaki 
 vote 4 @mariamenounos &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! she's doing a great job on dancing with the stars #dwts (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401 
 v.p.....really! http://t.co/psctmgtm 
 what's the primary ingredient for success? passion. you have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far 
 "you can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do."  great quote by henry ford 
 still a buyer's market. home prices are dropping mortgages are low. now is the time to take advantage for your gain. http://t.co/wwymrksq 
 we must keep the pressure on @barackobama's administration to make sure chen comes to the us. it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china 
 no wonder afghanistan is a mess! @barackobama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. http://t.co/cltdhlz8 
 i had a great time doing press interviews with @lisalampanelli and @teresa_giudice earlier today- http://t.co/smt5i3jp 
 our economy is at a standstill. some are even predicting a possible double dip. we need to elect @mittromney in november 
 the election result in france is very disappointing. the europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover 
 glad to hear mariano rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. he is a true sportsman and a great competitor. http://t.co/uw7pe5oq 
 the 9/11 trials at gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. can you imagine how much worse it would be if @barackobama tried them in nyc 
 watch et tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the met gala!  http://t.co/ak7djjms 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 trials at gitmo @mittromney the job numbers and @celebapprentice http://t.co/ryx1qaab 
 "much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #theartofthedeal 
 "ultimately trump tower became much more than just another good deal. i work in it i live in it and i have a (cont) http://t.co/jxuofag8 
 tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkboxcnbc 7:30 am don't miss it 
 looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever #nbc #sweepstweet. keep watching @apprenticenbc every sunday 9/8c 
 firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. she’s a strong player. but there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet 
 #celebrityapprentice listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the final 4. #sweepstweet 
 #sweepstweet @3nvmusic i very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. my instincts (cont) http://t.co/kjrv13fv 
 #sweepstweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the chi touch digital hairdryer. not the same for @arsenioofficial 
 remember the huge amount of money raised by @johnrich and company… #sweepstweet 
 i have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) http://t.co/l7nuamwi 
 #celebrityapprentice it’s good to have jack back too with @marleematlin. he’s become a star. #sweepstweet 
 #sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #celebrityapprentice—and they’re back 
 #sweepstweet teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person 
 #celebrityapprentice boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet 
 #sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool 
 #sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift 
 #sweepstweet @donaldjtrumpjr and @erictrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- i wonder where they got that from 
 #celebrityapprentice @arsenioofficial trying to be invisible?  no way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet 
 product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet 
 how will the client react? they’ve got both elle magazine and chi to please. #sweepstweet 
 aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet 
 i’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as project manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. but let’s see what happens #sweepstweet 
 good move by aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet 
 it’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet 
 could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet 
 i will be live tweeting during tonight's #celebrityapprentice 9 pm et @nbc 
 this sunday's @celebapprentice will shock you! big development...be sure to tune in on @nbc this sunday at 9pm est 
 in the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. now it's global warming. give me a break 
 according to @barackobama the war on terror is over  http://t.co/7sryznq1but global warming is a national (cont) http://t.co/icvj8ctj 
 with today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around 
 welcome to the @barackobama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a new 30 year low of 64.3%  http://t.co/7sryznq1 
 the new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000.  http://t.co/7sryznq1 
 mariano rivera yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. get well fast 
 derek jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. he is a total winner--and also a great guy. @derekjeter 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am 
 photo from yesterday's usga announcement that trump national golf club bedminster will host the 2017 u.s. women's open- http://t.co/8ylpnnvy 
 fracking will lead to american energy independence. with price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage 
 congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. great game last night 
 we will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. the democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. what a joke 
 now @barackobama is praising china's "cooperation" in negotiations over chen guangcheng http://t.co/1bztyuex this is a sad episode for us 
 the rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months http://t.co/5rjnvrxo obamacare continues to slow growth and cost jobs 
 "the economy will come back but it will not be the same economy. the old economy of the industrial age is (cont) http://t.co/8fv3cjt2 
 wrong!@barackobama capitulated to china by releasing chen guangcheng out of the us embassy http://t.co/ujh2fkv0  china really has our number 
 snowboarder/skateboarder @shaun_white stopped by to visit this week....http://t.co/1dxkg2kc 
 when will @barackobama release his college and law school transcripts?http://t.co/mzg1l6qo 
 my friend ronald kessler explains in @washingtonpost that secret service problems are much bigger than prostitutes http://t.co/uuuxxptn 
 orders for u.s. factory goods in march record biggest decline in 3 years http://t.co/ytc2mtre china is eroding the us manufacturing sector 
 the new dark knight rises trailer is great  http://t.co/c1zy0tp2 the movie filmed scenes in trump tower last october 
 editorial by @donaldjtrumpjr in the "dailycaller: "defending innovation in america" http://t.co/kaaa4m05 
 my interview with @nydngatecrasher discussing @barackobama's #whcd and my endorsement of @mittromney http://t.co/le6o3n4b 
 "china's leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) http://t.co/xyzzfcp0 
 "here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military (cont) http://t.co/smgudvmg 
 america's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future 
 bad move-@barackobama released $147m in aid to the palestinians http://t.co/zgf87ecq that money is going to hamas 
 the epa official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned http://t.co/7v5kie1c  good- but his attitude is endemic in the epa 
 @rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class ceo.he has built a tremendous empire and is certainly "fit" to run his corporation 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing @barackobama's #whcd my scotland property &amp; @barackobama using bin laden's death http://t.co/kpzxen9e 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing @barackobama's #whcd lowering tax rates republic of georgia &amp; (cont) http://t.co/02gxcv9d 
 "the innocent bystanders of american poverty are kids. yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in america is (cont) http://t.co/hgsyf1yi 
 "our founding fathers got it. they understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom economic freedom (cont) http://t.co/ttkxpanc 
 here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #success @macys herald square http://t.co/bp0ipdxq 
 guess which potus has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? http://t.co/x2zd05dp @barackobama is (cont) http://t.co/er9gg6qj 
 the federal government is teaching citizens 'financial literacy' while it is running $16t in debt http://t.co/8r0q3dv7 only in america 
 chinese spies stole our f-35 joint strike fighter design http://t.co/elizmw37 we should offset the cost from our chinese debt 
 barack obama's delivery on saturday night was excellent--cute mention of trump--and i am flattered to be mentioned. @barackobama 
 good morning america is thrilled @rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @gma 
 he @johnedwards is bad but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself 
 rosie o'donnell should leave lindsay lohan alone--@rosie has bigger problems than lindsay. lindsay's mother called my office for help 
 my @gretawire interview where i discuss fixing the economy killing bin laden the john edwards trial and fair trade.http://bit.ly/jpsxka 
 tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am est. always interesting 
 #successbytrump here’s a photo from my appearance at @macy's herald square with @ximenanr http://t.co/v6ibtmwh 
 wind turbines threaten the migration of birds http://t.co/gs0kkvlk  where's the outcry 
 claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high http://t.co/yggshxls where's the @barackobama recovery 
 the obama's spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476k http://t.co/w6kipd5x they love to spend money 
 "in this book our second together we share what gives us the midas touch the ability to turn things we touch (cont) http://t.co/4oo7kckg 
 be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #celebapprentice this sunday on @nbc at 9pm est! this sunday's (cont) http://t.co/drahwwxr 
 the epa is caught saying that their "philosophy is to crucify oil companies" http://t.co/odp4bide  that will sure lower the price of gas 
 admiral mcraven had full operational control of the bin laden mission http://t.co/ccofmrm9 @barackobama gave vague directions 
 "i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' we need (cont) http://t.co/ns9u0zgk 
 i have never been a fan of john edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards 
 i wonder why @barackobama is now spending $8b to postpone obamacare's medicare cuts until after the election? http://t.co/jcpbe1cr 
 standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. opens july 10th. http://t.co/mafhhrup 
 the economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year http://t.co/osop36e9 the price of gas has to be lowered 
 still a buyer's market. residential home sales fall 7.1% in march. http://t.co/zxzpjqnt  now is the time to buy property 
 he @barackobama believes that the war on terror is over http://t.co/de0ax99y  who does he think won 
 congratulations to @mittromney on tuesday night's sweep. he also delivered a 'killer speech'  http://t.co/akpu4de6 
 "right now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with china. that means every year. china is (cont) http://t.co/vcvetg5z 
 "the fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) http://t.co/vjwvpoyk 
 demand by china continues to raise the price of oil http://t.co/qof0vzoa we must become energy independent through our vast resources 
 majority of independents want obamacare overturned http://t.co/vdmwosuw  the best way to do it is by voting out @barackobama 
 congratulations to the @nyrangers on bringing the series home last night 
 made in america? @barackobama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.http://bit.ly/hntqat 
 the government spends 30% more than it admits  http://t.co/aeq8jijt @barackobama is out of control with his deficit spending 
 "you can take the smartest kid at wharton the one who gets straight a's and has a 170 iq and if he doesn't (cont) http://t.co/hvsm4ja5 
 i am enjoying my travels across europe but home is where the heart is. looking forward to coming back to the family in new york very soon 
 "i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me." #theartofthedeal 
 american professors were in tehran for an occupy wall street conference http://t.co/xnqltfhy  @barackobama's diplomatic initiative?!? 
 @jonhuntsman just trashed the gop and stood up for china on sunday http://t.co/da3dhbyd  i am surprised he didn't say it in mandarin 
 69 democrats voted in favor of the keystone pipeline in the house this week http://t.co/06fs6g5y a major defeat for @barackobama 
 lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent the point lake and golf club on lake norman in (cont) http://t.co/11jvyuis 
 not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people's health http://t.co/2g8yrouz (cont) http://t.co/nujhgnxu 
 "more than anything else i think deal-making is an ability you're born with. it's in the genes." #theartofthedeal 
 via @bbcnews "trump begins renewables mission in scotland" http://t.co/qsylyhtu 
 via @reuters_biz "trump flies into ex-soviet georgia for tower project project" http://t.co/5qssibs9 
 just left istanbul turkey yesterday where  #trumptowers was just opened--magnificent 
 today i'm in aberdeen scotland preparing for the july 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course http://t.co/zttogaau 
 recently opened @trumptoronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. http://t.co/vo8u2gpi 
 @mittromney can get people back to work 
 tonight’s #celebrityapprentice will continue to impress. be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm et @nbc. it will be amazing 
 my interview with @parademagazine from the olympics 100 day countdown in times square http://t.co/zcwxd672 
 a bad manager such as @barackobama will continually be plagued by scandals.  http://t.co/mpxcebla  leadership starts at the top 
 i am in istanbulturkey. just opened magnificent #trumptowers--- a big hit 
 #trumpvlog the song "donald trump" hits 54 million views. @macmiller- where's my money? http://t.co/vujo8hvy 
 dick clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on east 61st street. everybody loved him. he will be missed 
 don't be fooled. in 2008 @barackobama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. now promising (cont) http://t.co/uqknohhv 
 in today's #trumpvlog @repweiner the secret service and dick clark..... http://t.co/iwowez4v 
 reckless! @barackobama has now increased the debt more than any other potus and the first 42 combined. http://t.co/dh1x1npo 
 @mittromney is right--this election is about jobs http://t.co/x8ph87zn but it is interesting that @barackobama (cont) http://t.co/t6rqftaj 
 ted nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. it just shows the anger people have towards @barackobama 
 @flgovscott signed a $70b budget which cut $140m in indiv projects http://t.co/991e4kr5 very impressive. rick is doing a masterful job 
 very proud to announce that mar-a-lago was awarded top historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) http://t.co/21emslms 
 @mittromney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @barackobama. i am confident he can defeat @barackobama 
 "i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) http://t.co/oxtk1ivm 
 my @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend dick clark. http://t.co/eslb5tyc a true tv legend who will be missed 
 vanity fair party at tribeca film festival was a bust 
 i knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @repweiner was a sleazebag the first time i met him. thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak) 
 #celebrityapprentice ranked #1 among abc cbs and nbc in all key demos from 10-11pm. it won the 10pm hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating 
 by @barackobama's design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under obamacare through inflation  http://t.co/czc9srs6 repeal 
 vanity fair circulation down 20 percent. my third rate stalker should start looking for a new job 
 obama's secret service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our president. if they (cont) http://t.co/qrquvn1p 
 gloria allred is always talking about me. she needs publicity. she is by far a better pr agent than lawyer 
 under @barackobama 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 http://t.co/41wjojgu  another catastrophe is brewing 
 yesterday was @barackobama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute 
 our ally canada is 'frustrated' by @barackobama's radical anti-gas policies http://t.co/zymzkpm9 bho is forcing canada to send gas to china 
 enjoyed watching @ericbolling $ @sarahpalinusa's @foxnews special #painatthepump over the weekend. (cont) http://t.co/6su5hcts 
 while @barackobama watches china is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) http://t.co/kn0xjq96 
 he @mittromney would do a great job on saturday night live. @nbcsnl 
 paul teutul sr. is a fantastic guy. although i fired him on #celebapprentice we will remain great friends. i love the bike he made for me 
 i have captured the smell of success. meet me and the new "success" @macys herald square april 18 5:30pm first (cont) http://t.co/owhrp5p3 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing @barackobama's reckless spending the buffet tax gimmick and #celebapprentice http://t.co/bco0a2ad 
 #celebrityapprentice paul teutul sr. joined me for a press event in trump tower last week- http://t.co/8iljsbz4 
 mike bloomberg is doing a great job as mayor of new york city. ray kelly is a great police commissioner. @mikebloomberg 
 i'll be on@squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:30 am #trumptuesday 
 hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha 
 find out what success smells like. i'll be @macys herald square april 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) http://t.co/0l7phwxb 
 i will be at @macys herald square april 18 to sign my new fragrance #success by trump. first 100 customers receive a copy of my new book 
 it will be interesting to see how jenna talackova does as miss universe canada. we all wish her luck 
 the fda must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. it is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue 
 axl rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. stop the no induction nonsense. do it for your fans @axlrose 
 just left the best golf course in the state of california- @trumpgolfla. when in the la area check it out even (cont) http://t.co/n8tw2fcw 
 "capitalism requires capital. when government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the (cont) http://t.co/item4ezn 
 @barackobama who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. http://t.co/bqf26mqf do as i say not as i do 
 if @barackobama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking ronald reagan on the stump? http://t.co/plkklhhk 
 u.s. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.http://bloom.bg/huedl7 @barackobama's gas policy and obamacare are directly killing jobs 
 one of the simplest joys of life is golf. a great game to both play and watch 
 now @barackobama's vice-chief of joint staff is defending china while they cheat http://t.co/wxe0cadf  wrong course of action 
 many many people are thanking me for what i said about @autism & vaccinations. something must be done immediately 
 many countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines. the energy is very inefficient & (cont) http://t.co/mi4v4rdt 
 the celebrity apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- sunday at 9 pm on nbc http://t.co/pderztc1 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 am monday 
 attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. find out more 4/18 5:30 pm @macys herald square 
 excited to see that @anndromney has joined twitter. melania and i are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) http://t.co/ppcgzjwr 
 he @flgovscott handled the zimmerman matter very well. i am glad to see there will be a trial. justice. now let's wait for a fair trial 
 it's thursday how much $ has @barackobama wasted today 
 i’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) http://t.co/qkn0rhby 
 "beyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) http://t.co/frbu8e9g 
 "we just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for america and stick it to the (cont) http://t.co/kc0lxwuu 
 "look if we can make chopsticks in america and sell them to the chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."timetogettough 
 i'll be on the willis report  @gerriwillisfbn today at 5 pm est 
 i developed the wollman rink under budget and in record time http://t.co/ptxwjhhv if i hadn't gotten involved it would still be unused 
 china attempted to sell embargoed computers to iran http://t.co/yumqsrt6  china loves these deals 
 he @mittromney is a successful entrepreneur. @barackobama successfuly ruined america's credit. easy choice in november 
 there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house 
 the fed should not do qe3. neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity 
 i'll be speaking tomorrow at the san jose convention center (ca) for the first- ever national achievers congress http://t.co/m4jn2oiw 
 thousands of us warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from china leaving them open (cont) http://t.co/ws4piikk 
 watch @ivankatrump's ready-to-wear fashion show at @lordandtaylor featuring @trumpmodels and @missusa..... http://t.co/azi33ccu 
 good news--@ricksantorum did the right thing. i congratulate him on running a very good race. now it's onto @barackobama -- go get him mitt 
 he @barackobama wants 23 years of @mittromney's tax returns http://t.co/ygzxf3l5 let's see bho's school (cont) http://t.co/r3zvn62w 
 he @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy 
 now they say obese women may cause autism in children- nonsense they use any excuse. the fda should immediately (cont) http://t.co/ztadb6dh 
 thomas kinkade died. i happen to love the beauty of his paintings. he took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) http://t.co/lhk8efia 
 i will miss mike wallace. he did a major interview with me for 60 minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) http://t.co/ifm2un3a 
 vanity fair magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly. newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) http://t.co/fm1wkw1r 
 #celebrityapprentice contestant @louferrigno stopped by to visit today- http://t.co/9tbdgl9l 
 congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the masters. he did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf 
 i made my decision to allow jenna talackova to participate in miss universe canada two days before gloria allred (cont) http://t.co/ieybafkx 
 vote for mar-a-lago- http://t.co/tsxyud1g 
 #midastouch is divided into five sections. the second is the index finger which represents focus- http://t.co/njp4wlr1 
 @mittromney has created more jobs in the private sector than @barackobama has as president. @mittromney's record (cont) http://t.co/lmutlitu 
 $6 gas is coming sooner than later. america must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.also (cont) http://t.co/kxbipfpu 
 the wh should not have hosted the muslim brotherhood. @barackobama's friends are enemies of the us and @israel. the islamist winter is here 
 it's @barackobama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds china for cutting their taxes! (cont) http://t.co/bhddxyf3 
 his @barackobama's budget: interest payments to china will exceed us defense spending by 2019 http://t.co/2jms1w3e @barackobama's america 
 "the five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master." (cont) http://t.co/xh9phfwt 
 looked at plans for trump doral country club today. it will be amazing! glad to be in miami 
 proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall 
 arrived in palm beach drove by a gas staion $4.50 a gallon. result of failed @barackobama leadership 
 "the midas touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success." (cont) http://t.co/utr9hraw 
 the #celebrityapprentice sunday night on nbc at 9 pm. another exciting episode is ready to go. http://t.co/pderztc1 
 don't miss me on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am 
 my book with @therealkiyosaki midas touch is divided into five sections. the first is the thumb-http://t.co/ty5zzxdl 
 while @barackobama criticizes the gop budget his own party graded him with an "f" by voting down his budget in the house 414-0 
 oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @oprah 
 he @ricksantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @mittromney in pennsylvania http://t.co/qdks2gdp rick is wasting everyone's time 
 "here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military (cont) http://t.co/exzpw37n 
 "here's the solution on china: get tough. slap a 25 percent tax on china's products if they don't set a real (cont) http://t.co/sxhglauv 
 this is a great time for @ricksantorum to bow out with dignity 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama's usc comments insurance premiums @sarahpalinusa on the (cont) http://t.co/y38lazux 
 my @ingrahamangle interview discussing healthcare monopolies @mittromney oil prices and @annromney's birthday http://t.co/bl78qamq 
 mar-a-lago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) http://t.co/4mclw9u5 
 why gas prices will rise miss canada/miss universe and #celebapprentice in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/1davgslq 
 i'll be speaking on thursday april 12 at the first-ever national achievers congress at the san jose convention (cont) http://t.co/c7alrcz7 
 @barackobama doesn't believe in the supreme court or its power--i thought he was a constitutional lawyer. why (cont) http://t.co/xxt75jls 
 remember what i said about @barackobama attacking iran before the election--i hope the iranians are not so (cont) http://t.co/0uqsm9t4 
 @ricksantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) http://t.co/n500m0y8 
 he @barackobama made a deal with saudi arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. watch what (cont) http://t.co/qwzfanv3 
 my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better 
 #celebapprentice contestants @deesnider and @debbiegibson joined me for interviews today- http://t.co/mkn9vgje 
 "china is our enemy. it's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly china will gain a whole (cont) http://t.co/ptk8of5w 
 "money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game." #theartofthedeal 
 another solar company @barackobama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy  http://t.co/kfii0sd3 one (cont) http://t.co/a4pgf5xh 
 he @barackobama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the usc rules that obamacare is unconstitutional. it was (cont) http://t.co/86qkuvsl 
 real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) http://t.co/mhbtrviy 
 he @barackobama should not be trying to intimidate the usc justices on obamacare. he is worried because sg (cont) http://t.co/c5tepu5b 
 "life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. if anything success makes it more fragile. anything can (cont) http://t.co/4mjghzbc 
 my #trumptuesday @squawkcnbc interview discussing golf vp choices the real estate market & healthcare reform http://t.co/28lg4mgp 
 "when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has (cont) http://t.co/rmi02tjb 
 "the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. leverage is (cont) http://t.co/lv0koo6d 
 chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/barrel http://t.co/m8qp89gw we need to use our own energy resources 
 "the @barackobama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #timetogettough 
 what will be @ricksantorum's excuse tomorrow after @mittromney wins wisconsin and maryland? time for rick to face reality and drop out 
 the us should not give a penny of foreign aid to egypt if the muslim brotherhood takes over the country. we (cont) http://t.co/eyvzgd2h 
 america's competitors love @barackobama. @medvedevrussiae says @barackobama has been "the best 3 years" for russia http://t.co/lm6y8wni 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am 
 be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday's episode http://t.co/sgmfv7z6 
 some exciting news--the newest acquisition of trump golf--trump national golf club charlotte nc formerly the (cont) http://t.co/zmf8woaq 
 he @barackobama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime http://t.co/qhlaccnk 
 @obamacare is a disaster. despite the mandate there will still be 27m uninsured and premiums will rise at faster rate http://t.co/ciroyimt 
 white house press sec. had a hard time explaining why @barackobama supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) http://t.co/gvlfd5ay 
 i'll be speaking at the first-ever national achievers congress at the san jose convention center (san jose ca) (cont) http://t.co/1nhm5m48 
 waste! with a $16t debt and $1t budget deficit @barackobama is sending $770m overseas "to fight global warming" http://t.co/op9x8byl 
 @mittromney studying ways to increase pressure on china over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices http://t.co/34wzc9xo 
 it was great seeing @missuniverse and @missteenusa yesterday- http://t.co/souildar 
 "a smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont) http://t.co/y6tr3trc 
 "the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #theartofthedeal 
 "i like thinking big. i always have. to me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as (cont) http://t.co/jj1gqfax 
 don't forget the three hour episode of celebrity apprentice this sunday night 8pm-11pm on nbc. you're in for a (cont) http://t.co/utazphlv 
 a study says @autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) http://t.co/jthy8mww 
 @georgezimmerman doesn't look injured to me. even if he's in a fight does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont) http://t.co/9qmhf9tw 
 photo of @gretawire and me from yesterday's interview... http://t.co/pzfbc1if 
 bad news for @barackobama. @gallupnews reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are americans' top (cont) http://t.co/1b04r3yr 
 @vp biden is delusional. he is criticizing @mittromney on jobs.http://apne.ws/h2gurt @barackobama's economic record is an abject failure 
 the fed must be reined in. in 2011 the fed bought 61% percent of us debt--even more than 2008. unsustainable! http://t.co/vlyqayzc 
 in 2008 @barackobama warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. mission accomplished! http://t.co/oably7r9 
 @marcorubio's endorsement of @mittromney shows that the gop is coalescing to defeat @barackobama 
 he @barackobama received an early endorsement from the soviet newspaper pravda over @mittromney (cont) http://t.co/v6wnqasx 
 "liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) http://t.co/5xhw5ujy 
 the house republicans and democrats are finally unanimous! yesterday they voted down @barackobama's $3.6t budget (cont) http://t.co/toax00jj 
 "fans like winners. they come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great exciting things." #theartofthedeal 
 my @gretawire interview where i discuss the #obamacare usc argument gas prices & @ivankatrump's new clothing line http://t.co/dvo3c3yg 
 "to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. almost every (cont) http://t.co/kjcjosur 
 "what's incredible is that @obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) http://t.co/wtbmkdaz 
 i wonder if @barackobama has promised iran and china that he can be more flexible after his last election 
 the afghan security forces who we are training have killed 52 u.s. soldiers http://t.co/qdsnrvaj time to get out of there 
 @ricksantorum is desperate. he is now saying that he wants to be @mittromney's vp. http://t.co/6mnmytskhe (cont) http://t.co/qt3yelwf 
 when @barackobama is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the white house http://t.co/rab2lahw  always having a good time 
 welcome to the 'islamist winter' - the muslim brotherhood is now taking over the egyptian military and possibly (cont) http://t.co/4thonzoj 
 global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. http://t.co/rk1uos8e  the left needs a dose of reality 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing interest rates the deficit @reppaulryan's timing @timtebow and the doral  http://t.co/elui9cbz 
 alex rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) http://t.co/wljdcoud 
 behind the scenes photo of @gretawire and i filming an interview- http://t.co/eur1yjjp watch tonight at 10pm et on @foxnews 
 i'll be interviewed by greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm et on fox 
 let's not get too excited about monday's u.s. supreme court oral argument on #obamacare before the decision. no (cont) http://t.co/5cbgzyem 
 @jayleno - my description of @mittromney - "future president" or "potus 45" or "@barackobama's worst nightmare" 
 "america's relationship with china is at a crossroads. we only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) http://t.co/7jzf2wqi 
 "sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster. and (cont) http://t.co/jkobsfmp 
 not his 'per se'? a friday document dump shows @barackobama all-hands-on-deck as solyndra collapsed http://t.co/dyrqepz2  @barackobama lies 
 mar-a-lago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont) http://t.co/ygxosoqq 
 obamacare is clearly unconstitutional. hopefully the usc rules correctly but in the end repealing obamacare requires a political solution 
 whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. why release it now 
 when confronted @ricksantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @mittromney http://t.co/pj5tssfl 
 he @barackobama is caught on tape making election promises to @medvedevrussiae on missile defense and national security http://t.co/i6mcenun 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @timtebow and the timing of @reppaulryan's plan http://t.co/mstnlwr6 
 trump tuesday: i'll be on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning at 7:30 am. be sure to tune in 
 "if we reelect @barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the america we were (cont) http://t.co/amaiqzd8 
 "with china beating us like a punching bag daily opec vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight (cont) http://t.co/hp7pchok 
 if you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world i highly recommend that you read "the art of (cont) http://t.co/0ntwa21j 
 he @barackobama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. he is 100% responsible for solyndra. http://t.co/895ngsyh 
 @ricksantorum is desperate. now he is saying that he would prefer @barackobama over @mittromney. (cont) http://t.co/rohvfzoi 
 @barackobama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) http://t.co/jqojdn7u 
 the chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) http://t.co/pahyd1tt 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am 
 don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice this sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. you're in for a great show.http://t.co/y6qsh1uv 
 i am following the trayvon martin case carefully. it's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) http://t.co/ufx9aqnb 
 congratulations to woody johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @timtebow.@timtebow is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) http://t.co/xb2coaka 
 happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin 
 "we have to get tough on china. for every one american child there are four chinese. china is out to steal our (cont) http://t.co/9xnhkcrc 
 "the blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother obama because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) http://t.co/jobrlywl 
 the saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude http://t.co/rfz6ovxs  they always play this game (cont) http://t.co/iplxv7k0 
 strange--why didn't @barackobama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of obamacare? http://t.co/bntkmset 
 he @ricksantorum has as much chance of being the gop nominee as @rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) http://t.co/aekdaysp 
 he @mittromney had another impressive win last night in illinois. his delegate lead is insurmountable. it is (cont) http://t.co/n6udbymz 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the gop primary gas prices the doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. http://t.co/r03kth7n 
 they should seriously look into the moron george zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid trayvon (cont) http://t.co/sifjknpo 
 ron desantis iraq vet navy hero bronze star yale harvard law running for congress in fla. very impressive. http://t.co/kkpdzv7r 
 played the trump international golf club in palm beach last weekend. one of the best golf courses in the country. perfect weather 
 he @ricksantorum wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see. #freespeech  it doesn't work that way 
 trump tuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am is getting very good ratings as is @foxandfriends on mondays 7:30 am 
 @mittromney should consider gov mcdonnell of va gov christie of nj and senator rubio of fl for vp. really good men doing a really good job 
 just bought doral hotel &amp; country club in miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country 
 i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of @trayvonmartin. i support a full investigation and justice 
 i am so glad @rosie got fired by @oprah. rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down 
 why gas prices will cost @barackobama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama http://t.co/yegztd8a 
 congratulations to @barackobama for being reckless. in his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable 
 why does @barackobama always have to rely on teleprompters 
 america is mired in the longest job recession since the great depression. @mittromney can get us out of it. (cont) http://t.co/15573kku 
 my @foxandfriends interview where i discuss @rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on tv  http://t.co/v7aynedp 
 my @gretawire interview where i discuss why @barackobama is an economic ignoramus and how opec is inflating gas prices. http://t.co/dym5waya 
 give great credit to @georgeclooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in sudan 
 rosie o'donnell has failed again. her ratings were abysmal and oprah cancelled her on friday night. when will (cont) http://t.co/ndqotvhp 
 be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday's episode http://t.co/sgmfv7z6 
 #celebapprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog http://t.co/zivczviq  to find out about our new app http://t.co/sgmfv7z6 
 we should have gotten more of the oil in syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in iraq. dumb leaders 
 "we don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are. presidents are our (cont) http://t.co/kbnaazcq 
 "if we keep on this path if we reelect @barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) http://t.co/k1gdq7yz 
 afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 marines last month. http://t.co/sn24xhww they don't want us what (cont) http://t.co/lxqgnlm1 
 @barackobama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like solyndra. he is an economic ignoramus 
 rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. it is a tax on all americans 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am.  be sure to tune in 
 barack obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @barackobama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.http://t.co/ylvqk7em 
 my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto where i explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. http://t.co/cdrocvgu 
 @ricksantorum is clearly not a team player. if he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) http://t.co/92hejgww 
 be sure to watch #celebapprentice on sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. another great episode!http://t.co/pderztc1 
 once again @ricksantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. he is ineligible in large section of (cont) http://t.co/ffpmlgx6 
 he @barackobama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the british state dinner http://t.co/zou6q9q2 so corrupt 
 last week was a first in #celebapprentice when i fired 2 celebrities at once. wish i could fire @ricksantorum! (cont) http://t.co/x41ni4ce 
 i'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. i strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but (cont) http://t.co/ee5g0eo8 
 "the illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. along our (cont) http://t.co/uaaiakds 
 "when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america's military capability you (cont) http://t.co/uaxeycf2 
 the @barackobama administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices http://t.co/iddxpzro  what about keystone 
 shock! obamacare will cost double what @barackobama promised -- over $1.76 http://t.co/xqhywobu  -- and result (cont) http://t.co/cqmipfrp 
 i commend @drzuhdijasser for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly. the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks 
 @nicollettesheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. the show made her--she should have been happy 
 the 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates http://t.co/nhvgthr6 @barackobama (cont) http://t.co/kzgag42e 
 @mittromney did well last night. he won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. @mittromney will be the nominee.http://wapo.st/yjkocr 
 "yes the bp oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. that showed no (cont) http://t.co/plipl6ya 
 "in terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and i also include in that (cont) http://t.co/sefhn8yl 
 the day after @barackobama blocks a texas voter photo id law @jamesokeefeiii exposes more dead people getting ballots http://t.co/htcmsdp5 
 @mittromney has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama 
 @barackobama doesn't have an answer for how much americans should pay for gas http://t.co/3twqxays  he wants $6/gallon gas 
 #trumpvlog my thoughts on afghanistan @ricksantorum and why i fired two people on this week's #celebapprentice... http://t.co/kx83lkks 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing today's primary contests @mittromney's lead and my stock picks http://t.co/tg1ui93f 
 my @gretawire interview from last friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the doral http://t.co/8btsf7v5 
 trump international hotel &amp; tower new york---winner of  the forbes five-star hotel award in 2009 through 2012. http://t.co/ufuxcalk 
 nyc's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the muslim community. vigilance keeps us (cont) http://t.co/akysdcsd 
 he @ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on @barackobama 
 cadillac championship at doral a great success--i just bought doral--it will be amazing. cadillac a great american car 
 his @barackobama's specialties? vacations and campaigning. jobs not so much 
 would anyone in the music industry treat a democrat like this? @realmeatloaf is being punished for his political views http://t.co/q0cvjve3 
 doral tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @justinrose 
 afghanistan is a total disaster. we don't know what we are doing. they are in addition to everything else robbing us blind 
 china talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then behind our leaders backs they laugh. they could (cont) http://t.co/hjd3n70h 
 the us is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) http://t.co/rbauvw0k 
 maniac sergeant who went on a killing spree in afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly 
 pathetic: @barackobama did not want to veto keystone himself--so he lobbied the democrats in the senate to defeat it.http://bit.ly/zxtrp3 
 seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control 
 when i was 18 people called me donald trump. when he was 18 @barackobama was barry soweto. weird 
 personally i'm glad the nypd is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. new york's finest! i support them 
 the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. another great episode!http://t.co/y6qsh1uv 
 i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am don't miss it 
 coincidence? more than half of @barackobama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. http://t.co/jjqee6tm 
 the only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @mittromney. the primary is over 
 barackobama set a record deficit last february - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @barackobama is reckless 
 the @barackobama recovery - us unemployment is 9.1% us underemployment is 19.1% http://t.co/egcnmnjz   businesses won't hire under obama 
 my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing @mittromney's super tuesday  and why @barackobama must be defeated.http://bit.ly/ad17be 
 excited by my acquisition of doral hotel & country club in miami--already world class but will soon be the best 
 ray kelly is the best police commissioner in nyc history. keeping nyc safe thru vigilance. @raykelly 
 "getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) http://t.co/frp19xik 
 "that's what i find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. work (cont) http://t.co/51iamojx 
 "america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our (cont) http://t.co/ko55opdd 
 he is a professional and true gentleman: @georgetakei is one of my favorite contestants from #celebapprentice 
 gas is $6 already in california. don' worry - @barackobama's algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) http://t.co/rvabzgjn 
 he @barackobama will lose a delegate in oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the democrat primary http://t.co/0k72wnb7 
 he @barackobama claims he does not want higher gas prices. that's not what he said in 2008:  http://t.co/0tavua4e 
 as an "honorary buckeye" i want to thank the oh gop primary voters for putting @mittromney over the top. it was a crucial win 
 my interview with @jay_severin on behalf of @mittromney discussing why the gop must nominate @mittromney http://t.co/6jhc3mip 
 my interview on @asavagenation discussing why @mittromney will defeat @barackobama with a strong campaign. http://t.co/wenvrccc 
 happy and proud to help @mittromney win ohio with robo-calls in pivotal cuyahoga county 
 "the military threat from china is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the communist chinese government lies (cont) http://t.co/n6abrruy 
 "while china screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face (cont) http://t.co/l7ptvjkb 
 someone should ask @barackobama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined 
 he @barackobama promised to close gitmo in his first year. it is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) http://t.co/zewfikle 
 strong leader: @israelipm netanyahu explained at aipac the threat israel faces from iran's nuclear drive. he is (cont) http://t.co/j0kmqfbj 
 he @barackobama is using the irs to sabotage the tea party http://t.co/vn7ssy4t what about the occupy wall street groups 
 china is raising its defense budget by 11% http://t.co/ilol5fy1  @barackobama wants to cut ours by over $1trillion. wrong policy 
 today will be a super tuesday for @mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. he will be the nominee 
 with respect to iran we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! i can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) http://t.co/j4jrlifr 
 my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why @mittromney is a great nominee gas prices and why george will is a loser. http://t.co/o1bzo2yo 
 "americans understand that the us has a spending problem not a revenue problem." #timetogettough http://t.co/8h9d933q http://t.co/yy6gncx3 
 a must read! @andrewbreitbart's last article--the vetting part i: @barackobama's love song to alinsky http://t.co/6h7ckg3w 
 i fully support the @nypd @mayorbloomberg and @commissionerkelly. they should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized 
 once again @barackobama's speech at @aipac yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @israel (cont) http://t.co/wcmv1xr4 
 shock! obamacare's high risk pool spending doubled government estimates http://t.co/hjzp9noi  @barackobama is bankrupting this country 
 dopey @georgewill the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the republican (cont) http://t.co/c0enzlze 
 "if history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) http://t.co/x53galrh 
 "the chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft." (cont) http://t.co/zupxyeft 
 the real unemployment rate according to the cbo is 15% http://t.co/azveaow0  @barackobama's economic recovery is all "hope" 
 he made a great contribution to the press--@andrewbreitbart will be missed 
 @barackobama claims that his koran apology "calmed things down" http://t.co/myiouzlr  us troops were killed by (cont) http://t.co/xxysktxk 
 @mittromney is right--the chinese have 'walked all over' @barackobama http://t.co/41g77icp  @mittromney will rein in the chinese 
 "imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) http://t.co/zf2peo80 
 "imagine how much money the average american would save if we busted the opec cartel." (cont) http://t.co/zryopr1y 
 @barackobama should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive. @barackobama 
 china is getting minerals from afghanistan http://t.co/unxqyqwi we are getting our troops killed by the afghani govt't.  time to get out 
 gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row http://t.co/qzqi1z9p  don't worry - @barackobama has a solution--algae 
 after super tuesday every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination 
 i loved being a surrogate on behalf of @mittromney. i am glad i was able to help him win 
 ann romney is a fantastic lady. she was great in thanking people last night! http://t.co/kkbyt0er 
 "american corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the chinese (cont) http://t.co/850ljkgg 
 @barackobama's energy sec. called for $7-$9 gas in january. wish granted. http://t.co/6ftd60np @barackobama owns the gas prices 
 obamacare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. yet @barackobama is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) http://t.co/shquyovw 
 he was quick to issue an apology on behalf of america to karzai. why won't he release the letter? @barackobama http://t.co/uehe0mog 
 america will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @mittromney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset 
 #trumpvlog my thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... http://t.co/syijrxdo 
 the oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @barackobama should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve 
 mitt's got it right: @ricksantorum's attacks on @mittromney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish 
 my @squawkcnbc interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsdoral hotel & country club and more...http://bit.ly/7wuvan 
 new york times apologizes to donald trumpa recent story in the new york times incorrectly stated that donald (cont) http://t.co/eicam0mr 
 "if @barack obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have (cont) http://t.co/pawcdwc5 
 "the fact is you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) http://t.co/yjqcx21r 
 the uk has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. http://t.co/ifhrqsfi neither can we but that doesn't stop @barackobama 
 it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @barackobama. america cannot survive a second term 
 it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests 
 what america needs: @mittromney follows in steps of kemp and reagan with pro-growth tax cut 
 @sachabaroncohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) http://t.co/xayyf7i3 
 "for a country like china being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) http://t.co/psjx5zeu 
 "while @barackobama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) http://t.co/eqrqprt4 
 this is good news: @mittromney is now leading in michigan by 6 points according to @rasmussenpoll http://t.co/5w62qqc9 
 pastor #nadarkhani must be released by iran immediately. i applaud the @whitehouse & @statedept for issuing (cont) http://t.co/tmrdj2fo 
 as gas prices keep rising @barackobama won't approve keystone. instead he is pushing algae - yes algae - as an (cont) http://t.co/26r8ldzm 
 in 2008 @barackobama campaigned against $3.50 gas  http://t.co/hvsohotw      it is now $6 in florida and on the rise. he is a disaster 
 my interview with michael patrick shiels on wjim in lansing on behalf of @mittromney http://t.co/esmlgz8f 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the #cnndebate and how to deal with iran without using force   http://t.co/rrlceggt 
 i'm on @foxandfriends every monday morning at 7:30 
 take a tour of this amazing residence at trump world tower..... http://t.co/00frak2z 
 clive davis gave a great eulogy at my friend whitney houston's funeral--absolutely amazing 
 debbie wasserman schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell 
 "restoring american wealth will require that we get tough. the next president must understand that america's (cont) http://t.co/jf3hzpyq 
 "we are the greatest country the world has ever known. i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or (cont) http://t.co/dp4hoqiu 
 "if china didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily (cont) http://t.co/wn3copsj 
 half of americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...http://t.co/gdauj0kt 
 irony! @barackobama was in florida yesterday fundraising. gas also rose to $6/gallon for florida drivers yesterday. http://t.co/ivcdkauc 
 rt @occhoppers: bike we built for @realdonaldtrump. the gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! http://t.co/ku6nivzi 
 @mittromney to @ricksantorum in #cnndebate: in 2008 you called me "really conservative" http://t.co/ph2pspfb 
 iranian pastor #nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the mullahs because he is a christian (cont) http://t.co/h1i7fduz 
 in last night's #cnndebate @mittromney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore america's future 
 my interview with @newsmax_media where i explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why @ricksantorum can't win http://t.co/iuwraoj3 
 my robocall on behalf of @mittromney playing across the state of michigan   http://t.co/8ozy6pyo 
 "america's relationship with china is at a crossroads. we only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) http://t.co/wciasvsc 
 "we need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #timetogettough http://t.co/u0xim6h0 
 rev. graham made a critical point. @barackobama has turned a blind eye to the christians being persecuted in (cont) http://t.co/tqxalymh 
 he may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @rickreilly of @espn. he gets away with murder and most people (cont) http://t.co/ayrhd0pl 
 now @barackobama wants us to believe the republicans cancelled keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. he (cont) http://t.co/d9iv87tq 
 @celebapprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @ivankatrump & @donaldjtrumpjr. i am very proud of this season 
 @jlin7 is a special player. he makes watching the knicks fun. i think he can lead the knicks far this season. http://t.co/ymg6pwwc @jlin7 
 as the @barackobama's took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) http://t.co/3hoixpff 
 the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house 
 my interview with @paulwtalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @mittromney discussing why michigan needs to go for romney. http://t.co/rc0e32vt 
 david letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. somehow every time i look i can't help thinking of (cont) http://t.co/bnqsgqm3 
 "right now we have a president and a treasury secretary who shrug while china tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) http://t.co/gqv6f7cp 
 "our president should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. instead (cont) http://t.co/mvj2kzbi 
 iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. opec is ripping us off while @barackobama watches. http://t.co/wystmetc 
 if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney's candidacy 
 as the nuclear crisis with iran shows america needs to import oil from a reliable region. keystone xl pipeline (cont) http://t.co/lrboih6s 
 michelle obama's weekend ski trip toaspen makes it 16 times that obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) http://t.co/2sxcbxrj 
 foreigners slashed the purchase of us debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. we must control spending. http://t.co/cpxqbkkr 
 mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. opec is ripping us off. there's nobody in our (cont) http://t.co/lrndzrrs 
 watch #celebapprentice this sunday at 9pm eston @nbc--it has received many 4 star reviews 
 admitted:@barackobama's treasury secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address america's (cont) http://t.co/idrog3r7 
 our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china 
 he @mittromney wrote a great piece on china http://t.co/rodfliit @jonhuntsman criticized him  (cont) http://t.co/qquxlqck 
 my @todayshow discussing the @celebapprentice discussing the cast http://t.co/2q4wolqa 
 don't forget! sunday night at 9 pm est on @nbc--celebrity apprentice is back! tune in for a great show. @apprenticenbc 
 "by raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs @barackobama continues to weaken our (cont) http://t.co/74m5jede 
 "i've got news for president @barackobama: america is not what's wrong with the world. i don't believe we need (cont) http://t.co/dmxg2reo 
 "government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. it's (cont) http://t.co/ohmfhnjb 
 weakness is very dangerous: @barackobama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. america keeps the world safe 
 bush was called "unpatriotic" by @barackobama in '07 for adding $4t to debt  http://t.co/j02vnew0  @barackobama increased it $6t in 3 years 
 the fed is considering issuing even more us bond debt into the market. not good 
 gallup poll proves that @barackobama's regulation and obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring http://t.co/yhs8s8uj  shock 
 yesterday china vp xi stressed "the benefits of trade with china" to congress http://t.co/dnjmzkzv  we need fair trade with china 
 rt @accesshollywood: @realdonald trump: 'celebrity apprentice' season 5 is 'tough nasty & smart.' watch:http://t.co/l7k0d9cx 
 old post office building in dc will be a world-class trump property. honored to be doing this historic building--washington will be proud 
 he @mittromney gets the china problem why don't the others 
 very successful fund raising for @mittromney yesterday. good to see my friend woody johnson 
 @memoinc  you have to find a business that you love. that's number one. success requires passion. then keep your focus and never give up 
 @dansalbreiter   maybe they don't want to 
 @stecbeck thanks i'll keep at it 
 @jtatsuno no not trademarked 
 pat caddell on neil cavuto tonight: "i've watched donald trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) http://t.co/e7xvn2rq 
 canada's pm was in china last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @barackobama rejected in keystone. http://t.co/pmzy2rb3   unbelievable 
 scenes from last night's episode of @occhoppers where @donaldjtrumpjr and i visit the occ hq http://t.co/kcpxmtrl 
 wrong policy: @barackobama wants to cut defense spending by $487b while china is building their navy in the pacific. http://t.co/x6ssylos 
 the recession was made worse by @barackobama. a $900billion deficit is not getting better 
 when the economy is bad @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend 
 iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west 
 @joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out 
 so @jlin7 had another game winning shot last night. looks like the knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) http://t.co/yfumzn95 
 rt: @thedailybeast: polling shows the @americanselect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory 
 @fox_trot_1  i was in my twenties 
 @kingdelrosario i like to invest in what i know which tends to be real estate but i keep an open mind 
 @atlthrasher  i don't think it has run its course. there are opportunities. finding them and maximizing them are key components for success 
 @hangersmensline  my agenda is such that i can't meet with you but it's always nice to be asked and i wish you the best 
 @the_joey  that could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. this season of celebrity apprentice is great--be sure to watch 
 "the final part of restoring fiscal sanity to america is the most obvious and that's to control obama-style (cont) http://t.co/4hajetv0 
 "china is our enemy. it's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly china will gain a whole (cont) http://t.co/k6a5cjha 
 "so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want? they want trump." (cont) http://t.co/sona1b4i 
 a clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @apprenticenbc season 5 http://t.co/doyyfwhm 
 flattering. over 500 upset people called mar-a-lago disappointed i am not running for president--but mitt romney will do a great job 
 "america's primary goal with iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. let me put this as plainly as i know (cont) http://t.co/vyfwtyye 
 "we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) http://t.co/zfmjsocy 
 "we need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat china poses in the (cont) http://t.co/h7jrxuoe 
 in today's #trumpvlog i speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers....http://t.co/if3jcsfy #celebapprentice 
 @barackobama's budget funds the "arab spring" with $800b and the muslim brotherhood in egypt $1.3b in military aid. he loves radical islam 
 this is dangerous: @barackobama is seeking to shrink israeli military funding but gives $1.3billion to muslim (cont) http://t.co/ni6hlfmh 
 a gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year http://t.co/bxhpl7ci the @barackobama policy realized 
 so wrong! @barackobama is hosting china's vp xi jinping today at the pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons 
 a day after @barackobama released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting china's future leader vp xijinping. america's new reality 
 congressional black caucus chairman emanuel cleaver is right. @barackobama's budget is a "nervous breakdown on paper."http://bit.ly/zydytz 
 a day after greece burned @barackobama released a $3.8 trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 billion deficit.he will turn america into greece 
 watch late night with jimmy fallon on nbc at 12:35 est tonight---i'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me 
 "we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. it's time to (cont) http://t.co/upek65gm 
 "look when it comes to china america better stop messing around. china sees us as a naive gullible foolish (cont) http://t.co/mzm4fl64 
 "it's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone." (cont) http://t.co/ubavegyn 
 honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. we are making america #1 again. #timetogettough 
 this has to stop! @barackobama loves accruing american debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. http://t.co/nspdxfts 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend whitney houston @sarahpalinusa's cpac speechthe economy and primary http://t.co/mxri5d36 
 whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family 
 this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented.  it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed 
 @barackobama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the dnc convention.  he is charging $1 million for a single suite 
 the $25 billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. stupid 
 our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. we have big hearts big brains and (cont) http://t.co/aqekhsle 
 as someone once put it ‘marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program god ever created.’ #timetogettough 
 @mittromney will give a great speech at cpac today. he understands the threat from china 
 obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. he thinks that the wealth you create (cont) http://t.co/83klcfgp 
 @ivankatrump’s @cnn interview with @piersmorgan discussing @apprenticenbc the economy and politics http://t.co/tmvqdmen 
 "the fastest way we can start saving social security is to get americans back to work." #timetogettough (cont) http://t.co/yck2rkdy 
 "the gop needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @barackobama and his big spending allies in (cont) http://t.co/afrod8id 
 keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada 
 @wyattbrian  timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed 
 the church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @barackobama lied to his catholic supporters to pass obamacare 
 q/a @thecelidebiasio  the secret behind my success is that i love what i'm doing. that gives me energy focus (cont) http://t.co/gyyyiibl 
 the fed is destroying the dollar. when inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas 
 q/a @stalkinpeople  yes i'd give the real numbers 
 q/a @saychowder  i receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally 
 why should he? he's only the potus--and @barackobama has "no opinion" on whether the senate should pass a budget. http://t.co/mzzpltxc 
 lawrence o'donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled tv series "mister (cont) http://t.co/zv2nu36i 
 #trumpvlog windfarms in today's video blog... http://t.co/yfig8itq 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 gop primary and obamacare's attack on the catholic church.  http://t.co/ldiocgzs 
 my @cnn interview with @tvashleigh discussing @mittromney's electability and @ricksantorum's senate loss.  http://t.co/hlpaprka 
 @cheatingdeam  my best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. you need passion. (cont) http://t.co/gbaoxbol 
 @bonniebell   every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont) http://t.co/jbuzbqfy 
 who is the dumbest man on tv? @lawrence of msnbc... http://t.co/i2xj2dat 
 @jlukerobinson the best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with robert kiyosaki midas touch. (cont) http://t.co/4vhygbpr 
 @misterglorious  i wear suits from the donald j. trump signature collection 
 jon huntsman called to see me. i said no he gave away our country to china! @jonhuntsman 
 check out a picture of the custom made trump bike that paul teutul sr. presented to me today in trump tower-- http://t.co/mkhhozmw 
 "government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. it's (cont) http://t.co/lt5mw2te 
 #trumpvlog my thoughts on @ricksantorum in today's video blog... http://t.co/m2okfwwe 
 "getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) http://t.co/nzxthjyh 
 "i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?" (cont) http://t.co/wjpvcucx 
 obamacare is an attack on our country's identity. the latest victim is the catholic church. it must be full repealed. @barackobama 
 @npbraden  i already have two great pilots 
 @fatmaninaspeedo  i have not met @macmiller but his song donald trump has had over 40 milion hits. maybe he should pay me somethiing 
 government dependency has surged over 23% since @barackobama has taken office. http://t.co/5jw1vwdk he is creating an entitlement culture 
 @stass13  sorry she's taken 
 @grimeygatsby  i only require four hours of sleep per night 
 @barackobama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the wh east room while our country burns. http://t.co/clgmtf2m 
 @bats67 as a parent education has a high priority it is very important. i went to one of the best schools and (cont) http://t.co/3pnhfjhw 
 glad to see no charges against greg kelly. his accusers' charges never made sense 
 i see my friend @flagovscott is speaking at cpac. solid guy wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo 
 @miss_drax  my first job was working for and with my father fred c. trump 
 @ianbqueen  in answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family 
 @nathanfuchs @lawrence he's not a smart man. he is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink 
 eli manning. great athlete. great guy. @nygiants great teamwork 
 why is @mittromney the only guy who talks about getting tough with china and their currency manipulation 
 many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time. #trumpqanda 
 vanity fair is failing. newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) http://t.co/r8h7db6x 
 i see @flgovscott poll numbers are improving. good man doing a good job 
 many many people are disappointed i didn't run third party--but i won't risk @barackobama benefiting from a split in the anti-obama vote 
 i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china 
 another @barackobama green car loan recipient is laying off staff. http://t.co/usdeywqs  how many billions of our money has he wasted 
 a record 1.2 million americans have left the job force during @barackobama's "recovery" http://t.co/y2cycdti  don't trust the job numbers 
 "it's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated." #timetogettough  (cont) http://t.co/magdpgq4 
 "destroying the world's finest health-care system so that @barackobama can have his socialized medicine program (cont) http://t.co/lwiawrhh 
 i believe @barackobama is manipulating the jobless numbers http://t.co/4eo1w6ck 
 tune in tonight at 1 am est to the qvc network to watch melania trump debut her first 2012 "melania timepieces & (cont) http://t.co/c3bvwrxr 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing the super bowl the real unemployment numbers iran and @mittromney's (cont) http://t.co/tjeiij7m 
 as china is building an air and naval force @barackobama is cutting ours. http://t.co/fdsq6oc5   he is weakening our national security 
 the prayer breakfast was used by @barackobama to say that the bible commands higher income taxes. that's not the way it is 
 the economy is in terrible shape. @barackobama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. http://t.co/nwoyi3ui 
 he's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in america. @barackobama has done an (cont) http://t.co/hhstz9fz 
 not the world only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence you're too stupid to (cont) http://t.co/pd2zbixd 
 "so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want? they want trump." (cont) http://t.co/ayz18mvl 
 my @century21 super bowl commercial http://t.co/sybi4jrj  which aired during the third quarter 
 congrats @mittromney on a huge nv victory. let’s make @barackobama a one term president http://t.co/2xm9trtk #onetermfund 
 to vote for me and century 21 for the best #superbowl commercial click the following link and like the page. http://t.co/wt0yhv5j 
 #superbowl vote for me and @century21-- http://t.co/zpv0q43j 
 you’re hired! the @century21 ad is airing during the #superbowl and you need to get voting! vote for me & @century21: http://t.co/wt0yhv5j 
 the cbo has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. http://t.co/asmhkore  this is @barackobama's economic recovery 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing why i endorsed @mittromney and why he will make a great president http://t.co/2uqmnyqg 
 "we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." (cont) http://t.co/jkrlffs3 
 my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing my endorsement of @mittromney and how i came to my decision  http://t.co/g2yxes9l 
 my @cnns interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @mittromney and why he can beat @barackobama http://t.co/8gxxzkn6 
 i watched @barackobama at the national prayer breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) http://t.co/atcjydvo 
 the new york times/bill carter/sept.26 2011: "on msnbc meanwhile lawrence o'donnell has lost 100000 viewers (cont) http://t.co/2ue2ueq0 
 sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks las vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning 
 i bet the dumbest political commentator on television @lawrence will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) http://t.co/2sxspaxk 
 watch my endorsement of @mittromney. http://t.co/adv6ruj3 
 i will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm pst at trump international hotel & tower las vegas (cont) http://t.co/5esjzpzh 
 i will be making a major announcement tomorrow (thursday february 2) at 12:30 pm at trump international hotel & (cont) http://t.co/meoq0uco 
 #trumpvlog @barackobama's dismal record in today's video blog.... http://t.co/edj4uml3 
 he @barackobama wants to release 5 senior taliban detainees back to the taliban. http://t.co/pb0rvjyo   the taliban out negotiates him 
 his spending is reckless: @barackobama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   http://t.co/p71gzhvm 
 shocking--two of @barackobama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to solyndra  http://t.co/hwwr1cr0  what a coincidence 
 "the point is: the chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure and they know they're not going to get (cont) http://t.co/sldej9ks 
 "america became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance." #timetogettough (cont) http://t.co/jobffdoi 
 "a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off. we've done it before." #timetogettough   http://t.co/cp9wff71  http://t.co/yy6gncx3 
 i was on @squawkbox this morning  http://t.co/asuqplkw 
 my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the fl (cont) http://t.co/dzqawriv 
 my @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to trump national the fl primary @apprenticenbc and opec http://t.co/4ku9uyym 
 great news that the new york stock exchange won't be owned by a german company. european regulators turned the (cont) http://t.co/txwsed3m 
 congratulations to @mittromney for an impressive win in florida. he performed well under pressure 
 formerly of the new york times @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. sadly he is an even (cont) http://t.co/n9hcp1q3 
 keystone: @johnboehner must pass keystone by linking it to another bill.  http://t.co/zw1zw2lc 
 the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out 
 the muslim brotherhood @barackobama's allies in egypt will cancel the camp david agreement. http://t.co/vzswqker   what a disaster 
 a commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. that's one of the biggest problems with @barackobama: (cont) http://t.co/qidedc41 
 "what's incredible is that obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) http://t.co/hrrceedk 
 "it is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied americans to think that a life on welfare of (cont) http://t.co/iedigbec 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama's economic failures attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. http://t.co/i9fqjduo 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible gop endorsement @mittromney's taxes and the florida primary. http://t.co/fpz77v3m 
 all eyes are on florida today. i will be watching the gop primary results very closely. we need the right candidate to beat @barackobama 
 my appearance this morning on good morning america...http://t.co/7qrilc0x 
 today is a big day for us and for toronto: trump international hotel & tower toronto opens today. (cont) http://t.co/wjgn7hhj 
 the islamists are taking over egypt through the election. http://t.co/qczymgts  why did @barackobama force mubarak out? he was an ally 
 keystone must be approved through congress. @barackobama is costing america over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high 
 the gop primary is getting very nasty. the candidates need to remember that @barackobama is the main target. he must not be reelected 
 glad to hear bella santorum is recovering. @ricksantorum has a beautiful family 
 "the military threat from china is gigantic and it's no surprise that the communist chinese government lies (cont) http://t.co/2ezhbdnn 
 food stamps up 45%. federal handouts up 45%. is @barackobama happy? http://t.co/hfw1bcye 
 check out this photo shoot video of @ivankatrump's spring 2012 collection.... http://t.co/uwvnbjpq 
 another electric car firm that @barackobama gave $118m just went bankrupt. http://t.co/uawmzfog  he loves to waste our tax dollars 
 for those who missed my chat with @hannityshow on radio here it is on tv. sean is terrific.http://bit.ly/w06t9f 
 he admits his presidency has been flawed...but @barackobama claims economy is stronger. http://t.co/qkvsiumo 
 my interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @apprenticenbc #timetogettough the economy and gop primary. http://t.co/d8jdvb0l 
 he makes a mistake "every hour every day" admits @barackobama. http://t.co/lczldpnk  the problem is that we are paying for them 
 watch the clip from my #c21 super bowl spot on @accesshollywood tonight 
 "i've got news for president obama: america is not what's wrong with the world." #timetogettoughhttp://t.co/yy6gncx3 http://t.co/gnlqdddj 
 "sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs @barackobama has been a total (cont) http://t.co/hd827uek 
 it’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way obama has allowed america to be abused and kicked around (cont) http://t.co/thxcrowx 
 watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews 
 @barackobama’s russian ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘american values’ (cont) http://t.co/rcymv2v1 
 did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the united states we could power america’s (cont) http://t.co/rgwymt3d 
 we need more grown-ups in washington people who will shoot straight and level with the american people. #timetogettough 
 @barackobama’s sotu claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100% false http://t.co/tp2soxp8 
 @barackobama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 http://t.co/c3rtwcot i guess he only likes spending our money 
 @barackobama’s sotu ratings were down 12% from 2011 http://t.co/qadyzgzd  he can't even deliver ratings in an election year 
 my @gretawire interview discussing @ivankatrump wanting me to run for potus @barackobama’s sotu and his china policy http://t.co/mt92spxx 
 my @squawkcnbc interview from earlier in the week discussing the gop primary and @newtgingrich's electability http://t.co/k9g6lhaa 
 check out this great story from the @wsj... http://t.co/o7rxkfgb 
 #trumpvlog my thoughts on the state of the union address apple and a great @wsj article.... http://t.co/rrgm3xxr 
 last night in his sotu @barackobama claimed that he is a friend of israel. does anyone really believe that 
 keystone pipeline would create 20000 direct jobs another 50000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700000 barrels a (cont) http://t.co/oenlvsr8 
 after solyndra @barackobama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. he must be accountable 
 notice how @barackobama failed to mention obamacare last night in his sotu. even he knows it is terrible 
 "for a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) http://t.co/okten2ah 
 tom brokaw keeps calling mitt romney "george" (mitt's father). sadly time is up for tom 
 "all raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford." (cont) http://t.co/egepxbvw 
 "people are smart. they know you can't be "for" jobs but against those who create them. it doesn't work." (cont) http://t.co/myppdikz 
 all i heard in the sotu was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. very bad 
 my daughter ivanka thinks i should run for president. maybe i should listen. http://t.co/qw78vjja 
 it is a shame keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @barackobama would have wasted billions on it 
 a gallon of gas has more than doubled while @barackobama has been potus and he still won't approve keystone 
 it has been 1000 days since @barackobama has passed a budget. he continues to spend this country into the ground without any control 
 tonight in his sotu @barackobama won't talk about keystone. he will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare 
 "capitalism requires capital. when government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates (cont) http://t.co/nghoarxu 
 "look here's the deal: @barackobama has been a total disaster. he has spent this country into the ground and (cont) http://t.co/hvn8ikcu 
 obama wants americans to keep buying crude from opec who is ripping us off instead of our ally canada through (cont) http://t.co/nhxn3cvh 
 iran is threatening to shut the strait of hormuz and @barackobama won't approve the keystone pipeline. his energy policy makes america weak 
 a tough week was had by@mittromney but he's come back from adversity before 
 "to the @barackobama administration saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) http://t.co/eorzovnw 
 "i have great respect for the people that represent china. what i don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) http://t.co/193us9wf 
 "while obama is obsessed with "green collar jobs" blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) http://t.co/8qvnxh54 
 my @newsmax_media interview from friday where i predicted that @newtgingrich in south carolina would change the race.http://bit.ly/xofms6 
 congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in south carolina. all eyes are on florida now 
 china has hacked another us government body. http://t.co/ogsjtb3zwhen will we learn 
 canada will now sell its oil to china because @barackobama rejected keystone. at least china knows a good deal when they see it 
 obama's new campaign ad defends solyndra http://t.co/qdbmij4w  i guess losing $500m is a cause for celebration for @barackobama 
 the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran. iran's nuclear program is the threat not israel's right to self-defense 
 "in all my years in business and participating in politics i've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) http://t.co/ktug7ltp 
 "we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #timetogettough  (cont) http://t.co/k7vvbzef 
 the law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to 
 the national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @barackobama is in disney world. he lives in a fantasy 
 when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding 
 playing politics with the keystone decision? @barackobama vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil 
 texas is lucky to have him--- @governorperry is a great guy 
 ""our country has a big heart. and it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own." #timetogettough (cont) http://t.co/yrcqknbg 
 conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) http://t.co/afab8liv 
 "a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off. we've done it before." #timetogettough  http://t.co/qbebash5  http://t.co/iifixawb 
 rick perry--a good man a great family and a patriot 
 my @foxnews with @gretawire discussing the keystone pipeline re-election is more important than 20000 jobs and (cont) http://t.co/gs2yzmmn 
 the problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) http://t.co/xqrdhgpe 
 china presents three big threats to the united states in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic (cont) http://t.co/6hw0acje 
 listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10pm et on @foxnews 
 @barackobama is unveiling a tourism plan in disney world on thursday. http://t.co/01d4xz1g 
 @barackobama ‘asked’ iran for our drone back. they are returning a miniature model. http://t.co/fa5eqmau another diplomatic coup 
 to state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under. #timetogettough 
 receiving @americancancer lifetime achievement award & chairing @followlola debut @carnegiehall on jan.19 http://t.co/3v7gp6aw 
 @barackobama won’t approve the keystone pipeline so canada is now looking to sell their oil to china (cont) http://t.co/c777ddco 
 there are 11 more solyndras in the @barackobama energy program http://t.co/pnon041d  he loves to waste our (cont) http://t.co/d0gb6bjf 
 i bought tim tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer http://t.co/dxrxzm8n 
 get it straight: pakistan is not our friend. we’ve given them billions and billions of dollars and what (cont) http://t.co/o5s4cqv3 
 @barackobama may have been a good ‘community organizer’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker. #timetogettough 
 rosie o'donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. @rosie is a stone cold (cont) http://t.co/jm3ysf7h 
 #trumpvlog the republicans must defeat @barackobama not themselves..... http://t.co/8czb7pxx 
 newly released documents show geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  http://t.co/g58axstq 
 the republicans should not give @barackobama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2trillion (cont) http://t.co/cysdg1by 
 while @barackobama is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the taliban--who facilitated 9/11 
 "for too long we've been pushed around used by other countries and ill-served by politicians in washington who (cont) http://t.co/je0fnsku 
 "the american work ethic is what led generations of americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont) http://t.co/zjo7h70o 
 "i love america. and when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely even. #timetogettough  (cont) http://t.co/s8xxn8jj 
 our marines are sent to kill the taliban not coddle them. usmc should be praised not investigated. semper fi  
 newt attacks on @mittromney record at bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. mistake 
 an iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@barackobama --we need real leadership 
 the us is always getting ripped off! china gets cheap oil from iran and iraq as us pays for hormuz patrols to (cont) http://t.co/j0qewxy3 
 with unempoyment over 10% in 2009 @barackobama held an extravagant alice in wonderland party. he is a man of the people 
 america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our (cont) http://t.co/5dgpm6ig 
 if you stop by trump tower (fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #timetogettough 
 51% of @jonhuntsman's nh voters are satisfied with @barackobama as president   http://t.co/uk18glyr   so is @jonhuntsman 
 "a real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies (cont) http://t.co/gy6svjhk 
 "president reagan had it right: social security is here to stay. we must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) http://t.co/4dcnnx00 
 opec has just raised oil to over $102/barrel. and @barackobama still won't approve the keystone pipeline. does he want high gas prices 
 why are we building a $1billion embassy in iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by iran 
 3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda 
 new hampshire has a major decision to make today. hopefully we won't have to hear any more mandarin spoken in future debates 
 this is why @timtebow is a winner. he lays everything out on the field. he never quits and never gives up. that's why he is a success 
 "the damage that democrats weak repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on america has put (cont) http://t.co/llf7qipe 
 "we need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep america strong safe and free and who can (cont) http://t.co/mnyzymag 
 "restoring american wealth will require that we get tough. the next president must understand that america's (cont) http://t.co/tbpusxzm 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire where i discuss my potential gop endorsement and the nh primary http://t.co/mtrs1is2 
 obamacare is such a national treasure that @barackobama has waived over 1200 companies from the law  http://t.co/bdo8zbsn 
 why do you need a photo id to buy a drain cleaner  http://t.co/q7ytpaqcbut not to vote 
 priorities: @barackobama wants to slash a trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) http://t.co/segpkhmy 
 ??? @barackobama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the white house. the winners were conveniently all (cont) http://t.co/waqfhbze 
 "sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster."  #timetogettough 
 "instead of creating new jobs obamacare is destroying jobs. and the worst part is yet to come since the truly (cont) http://t.co/bfmokkbi 
 my @foxandfriends interview from this morning   http://t.co/pfs9f6hk 
 "government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs." #timetogettough 
 be sure to watch my interview on @gretawire tonight 
 amazing - @barackobama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the defense department...bad (cont) http://t.co/0t0t3wa0 
 imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - "huntsman goes donald trump"  http://t.co/btlmpdwz 
 now @barackobama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. http://t.co/xzsqebk9 
 "getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action." #timetogettough 
 "if other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection."  #timetogettough 
 "people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #timetogettough 
 president @barackobama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----unbelievable 
 china is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against iranian sanctions. http://t.co/3zzyo1vp 
 the new season of the celebrity apprentice begins feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! http://t.co/pderztc1 
 "if americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) http://t.co/9femkt7e 
 "beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) http://t.co/tg0kbjzq 
 "obama's plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock."  #timetogettough 
 my @todayshow interview where i reveal the new cast of celebrity apprentice and discuss the gop primary field http://t.co/tcxbbjqa 
 iran has warned the us not to send an aircraft carrier back into the strait of hormuz. we should send three as a (cont) http://t.co/yw5q4n3x 
 michelle obama likes to be addressed as "your excellency."http://t.co/iffqchf7  she is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself 
 "nobody cares" about the iowa straw poll is what @jonhuntsman said yesterday. his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him) 
 celebrity apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning http://t.co/xd69cfku 
 michele bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her 
 we left iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious 
 "if history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) http://t.co/6x6ryjpg 
 "i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces." #timetogettough 
 "under president @barackobama china has experienced unusually fast gains and america unusually fast losses." #timetogettough 
 he should be ignored: @ronpaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. he has zero chance to beat @barackobama 
 michele bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll. very sad for her--a nice woman 
 congratulations to @ricksantorum for coming out of iowa a winner 
 another @barackobama investment triumph--the $500billion american funded finnish plug in cars are all being recalled http://t.co/hsqdnyo2 
 i am honored that texas supporters have filed papers in texas to create "make america great" party on my behalf. http://t.co/oygueefd 
 he knows he won't have to spend much: @jonhuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar 
 a good friend: @sarahpalinusa. more importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put america on (cont) http://t.co/vxx9pcvz 
 michele bachmann will finish dead last tonight in iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. sadly it is over for michele 
 "to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #timetogettough 
 "the wall street journal has reported that obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" #timetoget tough 
 "the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"  #timetogettough 
 i will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. stay tuned 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the gop primary my 2012 options and why @barackobama must lose http://t.co/6nya7jtz 
 my @foxandfriends interview discussing the "make america great again" texas filing and the iowa caucus http://t.co/hwnskyqt 
 the washington establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. a great thinker and outsider is needed 
 when will the us government finally classify china as a currency manipulator? china is robbing us blind and @barackobama defends them 
 i play golf to relax. my company is in great shape. @barackobama plays golf to escape work while america goes down the drain 
 nyc should hold a parade for returning iraq and afghanistan veterans 
 i like russell brand but katy perry made a big mistake when she married him. let's see if i'm right---i hope not 
 america wasted billions and precious lives in iraq and iran will soon take control--very very sad 
 i'm right tpm is wrong - @barackobama did not issue a special statement for christmas--however he issued one (cont) http://t.co/fflwoeku 
 the mar-a-lago club has the best meatloaf in america. tasty. http://t.co/3gs8trgm 
 i predicted the 9/11 attack on america in my book "the america we deserve" and the collapse of iraq in @timetogettough 
 americans elect on track to put an indy presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states 
 he is destroying our country:@barackobama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4trillion by the end (cont) http://t.co/a5dgjvhp 
 "it's important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work." #timetogettough 
 china has 5 oil projects in iraq and we didn't get anything from the iraqis except asked to leave. iraq is going (cont) http://t.co/khuji5yc 
 the fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. the fed has to be reined in or we will soon be greece 
 what a convenient mistake: @barackobama issued a statement for kwanza but failed to issue one for christmas. http://t.co/dodg53rx 
 vote for your favorite trump hotel collection hotels in travel + leisure’s 2012 world’s best awards survey http://t.co/173fgaou 
 @trumpcollection tops @travlandleisure 500 best hotels in the world! congrats @trumpnewyork @trumplasvegas @trumpchicago @trumpsoho 
 china is expanding its military bases abroad. we must expand our naval fleet. now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) http://t.co/ssvy2hnh 
 china hacked the u.s. chamber of commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. china keeps (cont) http://t.co/v4roq4jk 
 the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. but obama says no. dumb 
 govt. collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. sadly i called this one and please remember i alone called it 
 the habitual vacationer @barackobama is now in hawaii. this vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment 
 in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @barackobama is defeated i changed my voter registration to independent 
 the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east. @barackobama says no 
 the safest way to preserve medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. we should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately 
 a week after biden says that the taliban is not our enemy the taliban demand that we pay iraq for a 9 year occupation. http://t.co/y2drr57g 
 even if @barackobama stays in dc taxpayers will pay millions for his hawaii vacation when americans are struggling http://t.co/ekd7gzxi 
 consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes. #timetogettough 
 the thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do. #timetogettough 
 we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. he’s also (cont) http://t.co/celnue0o 
 my new book #timetogettough is the best present of the holiday season. a great gift for anyone who cares about this country 
 less than a week after we leave iraq the country is already unraveling. we got nothing from the iraqis and now (cont) http://t.co/xei2wdhk 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing how @barackobama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. http://t.co/llvvlx4e 
 barney frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before congress. very very disrespectful 
 congratulations to @americanselect for winning a spot on the california 2012 ballot. a major feat!   http://t.co/xjugmnk9 
 he is delusional: @barackobama believes that he is the 4th best potus ever 
 the wh yesterday defended biden's comments that the taliban aren't our enemy. when did the american people decide this? http://t.co/vp4bo45p 
 "obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will." #timetogettough 
 "the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #timetogettough 
 i really enjoyed last night's tele-town hall with @ralphreed's faith and freedom coalition. thanks to the thousands who joined 
 i still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from iraq 
 my interview with @asavagenation discussing #timetogettough my 2012 plans and iraq http://t.co/ignua6m8  http://t.co/bq0gxn1j 
 for last minute shopping my new book #timetogettough is a great choice...http://amzn.to/snqlfh 
 the average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. both record highs. (cont) http://t.co/tdkhjrka 
 tom "marbles in his mouth" brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the apprentice for nbc. now he calls (cont) http://t.co/kb1fini0 
 joe biden said that the taliban 'is not our enemy.' i wonder how our troops in afghanistant that are under attack view biden's statement 
 what a shock! the u.s. capitol christmas tree pays homage @barackobama but failed to mention jesus 
 he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us 
 "he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) http://t.co/d66nscyb 
 "people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #timetogettough 
 "when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"  #timetogettough 
 a great gift idea is my new book #timetogettough easy to order on amazon    http://t.co/v6rmnj7x 
 we're all proud of @erictrump for being on @forbes 30 under 30 list. http://t.co/kzqulcmj 
 "it's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone."#timetogettough 
 "we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment." #timetogettough 
 china taxing imports from the us --22%-- why aren't we taxing china 
 dummies left iraq without the oil--not believable 
 iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---i told you so 
 congratulations to my son eric for making the forbes 30 under 30 list. he's done a great job!  http://t.co/ydeikzg6 
 barney frank admited that obamacare does have 'death panels' yesterday. obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed 
 with a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt @barackobama is spending $4 million of our money on his hawaii vacation. just plain wrong 
 my interview with andy dean on @americanowradio- i told him what i really thought about the @foxnews debate. http://t.co/2b7fy0wi 
 i'll be on @americanowradio with andy dean at 6:30 et today talking about last night's @foxnews debate.  http://t.co/owxu5vwh 
 opec is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs us economy is improving.' opec uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch 
 china just put a tariff on us cars and trucks--22%--china is laughing at our inept leaders. @barackobama 
 the lightweight @jonhuntsman used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. sad 
 a total lightweight: @jonhuntsman continues to give the worst responses on china in the debates. i can see why (cont) http://t.co/ywkcamf0 
 great @esquiremag piece - '@donaldjtrumpjr: what i've learned' http://t.co/l8sk99ww 
 my interview with @barbarajwalters in her @abc special 'most fascinating people of 2011' http://t.co/9oo3yzmb 
 but maybe my biggest beef with obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about america. #timetogettough 
 your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. that's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) http://t.co/nc2sutof 
 "i believe this book will rock a lot of people. don't just read #timetogettough but share it with your friends and family!" -rushlimbaugh 
 thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #timetogettough book signings. it is great to meet fellow patriots 
 so biased: @time made 'the protester' as the person of the year. @time celebrates ows but vilified the tea party last year 
 this is what @barackobama thinks: that america would be better off if we acted more like european socialist (cont) http://t.co/ybfa0ld6 
 if speeches and memoirs created jobs then @barackobama would be ronald reagan 
 #trumpvlog china is laughing.... http://t.co/9ghflflp 
 please send a psychiatrist to help @rosie she’s in a bad state. to @rosie’s girlfriend’s parents--- get (cont) http://t.co/1c9yapm4 
 more people attend a @jonhuntsman rally than watch @lawrence on @msnbctv all week. @lawrence is very lonely. (cont) http://t.co/f3pjhznr 
 with the number of tweets sad sack @rosie has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown 
 #noratings @lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio 
 "let me put this as plainly as i know how: iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. period." #timetogettough 
 it is great to meet fellow patriots at the #timetogettough book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm 
 the first book signing at trump tower for #timetogettough was so popular that i'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/trump tower 
 hope to see you tomorrow in trump tower (5th ave betw 56 and 57) -- i'll be signing copies of my book #timetogettough from noon until 2 pm 
 the habitual vacationer @barackobama has sacrificed so much. he is delaying his 17 day hawaii vacation a couple of hours 
 iran is closing the strait of hormuz for a military exercise. imagine what they will do with nukes? 
 the mullahs laughed when @barackobama "asked" iran to return our drone--they will show it to china first 
 "we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #timetogettough 
 it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #timetogettough book signings. anyone who wants to be prez should read 
 "so if iran is going to take over the oil i say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with iraq."#timetogettough 
 read this about @lawrence...... http://t.co/r7jwwoay 
 my interview with @ewerickson of @redstate discussing #timetogettough gop primary and my 2012 options  http://t.co/sd6nqxzr 
 my @foxnews interview with @gretawire explaining that i am keeping all my options available for 2012 http://t.co/kq7fkbnc 
 save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same 
 #badratings @rosie you will never make it. you are not funny or talented 
 #badratings @lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv 
 i feel sorry for rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @rosie--a true loser 
 my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing why i will not be moderating the newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/gwgw43uh 
 check out my new book  "time to get tough: making america #1 again" http://t.co/veehnghq 
 thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the americans elect presidential nomination 
 #trumpvlog same last name same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... http://t.co/kcvrnbja 
 he says he will spend $1 b to get re-elected: @barackobama. i can match him--preserving my options 
 i'll be signing copies of my new book @timetogettough tomorrow at trump tower (5th avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm 
 real unemployment is 20%. we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas 
 #trumpvlog ny area- two book signings- tonight and thursday.... http://t.co/vajaekjf 
 who handed iraq over to iran yesterday? @barackobama. we have gotten nothing from the iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil 
 #trumpvlog why i cancelled the "great debate"..... http://t.co/po61ler7 
 don't forget my book signing tonight at costco on 1250 old country road in westbury ny from 6-8 pm. hope to see you there 
 the mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president@barackobama has "asked" for iran to return the drone #timetogettough 
 look here's  the deal: @barackobama has been a total disaster. he has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #timetogettough 
 we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #timetogettough 
 tonight i will be signing copies of #timetogettough in westbury at costco 1250 old country rd from 6 pm to 8 pm 
 @amazon sold out of #timetogettough in the first week. more copies have been ordered for holidays. don't worry 
 my interview on @theviewtv discussing #timetogettough the gop primary and the newsmax-@iontv  debate(starts at 23:00) http://t.co/rocuyaxe 
 a clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how  newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the gop primary polls http://t.co/yqizax1w 
 @barackobama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. he is simply out of control 
 why did @barackobama let iran keep our drone? now it is going straight to the chinese. he should have taken it out 
 i was on a tele-townhall with @teambachmann and hosted her 4 times in trump tower yet she declined the newsmax-@iontv debate. no loyalty 
 if these guys have any integrity they'd say no to msnbc -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @andrewbreitbart re debate 
 my foxbusiness interview with don imus discussing #timetogettough the gop primary and the newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/zafiowf2 
 my @foxnews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/tottpvnz 
 excited that @ourcountrypac's amy kremer has endorsed the newsmax-iontv debate. the tea party express is a great group 
 why was the hanukah celebration held in the white house two weeks early? @barackobama wants to vacation in hawaii in late december. sad 
 santorum calls trump debate skippers "hypocrites"  http://t.co/dnmo2ohe) @ricksantorum 
 rick santorum making a strong point on the newsmax-@iontv debate: @ricksantorum. http://t.co/zjdfkzq4 
 iowa congressman @stevekingia has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate. he has been doing great work in the house 
 a  great crowd at trump tower for #timetogettough book signing 
 excited that @ourcountrypac's @amy kremer has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate. the tea party express is a great group 
 #timetogettough the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now... http://t.co/wtsxeuo9 
 yesterday i explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @cnnsitroom why @barackobama doesn't deserve credit for killing bin laden http://t.co/pqwvdxvb 
 my interview on @wor710 with jon gambling discussing #timetogettough meeting @newtgingrich and the 2012 election http://t.co/aezpt1go 
 if the gop establishment really wants to defeat @barackobama then they should read #timetogettough 
 #timetogettough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with opec and china and defeating @barackobama 
 looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing  @timetogettough starting at 11am to 2 pm here in trump tower 
 trump tower is located at 725 fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets 
 be sure to stop by trump tower today -- i'll be signing copies of my new book "time to get tough"  from 11 am to 2 pm 
 i'll be signing copies of my new book "time to get tough" today at trump tower--11 am to 2 pm. hope to see you there. #timetogettough 
 i'll be signing copies of my new book "time to get tough" tomorrow in trump tower--11 am to 2 pm. hope to see you there 
 "newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in ia on 12-27 will be fair balanced  and informative." @ralphreed 
 newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in ia on dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative. @ralphreed 
 why does @barackobama continue to defend radical islam? he is calling the ft. hood massacre "workplace violence." 
 you know what is the worst part of @barackobama's tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars 
 jeffrey lord former reagan adviser has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article http://t.co/wiph6ukw 
 happy to have @ralphreed and the ffc's endorsement of the newsmax-@iontv debate. ffc  is a great organization 
 a clip of my upcoming interview with @davidbrody discussing #timetogettough @israel and the islamist winter  http://t.co/m3fkc3bh 
 "what is a bit appealing about this idea of trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh… (cont) http://t.co/akcmzp0i 
 my @cnn interview with @pierstonight discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate #timetogettough the gop and the economy http://t.co/3uoeei7a 
 excited to have @sarahpalinusa's endorsement of the newsmax-@iontv debate. sarah is terrific 
 my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate #timetogettough and the 2012 race http://t.co/zcli9li5 
 my @morningjoe interview with @joenbc & @morningmika discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate and #timetogettough   http://t.co/cvyro9uu 
 i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow dec 9th in trump tower from 11 a.m. to … (cont) http://t.co/xpgnf4kv 
 my @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich the newsmax-@iontv debate and #timetogettough  http://t.co/qg0jvzpp 
 "the architect" @karlrove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @barackobama becoming president. ignore him 
 why is the gop establishment so threatened by the newsmax - @iontv debate? more debate is always better 
 whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. it just is. when the price o… (cont) http://t.co/wfqr9iy8 
 get it straight: pakistan is not our friend. when our tremendous navy seals took out osama bin laden they did… (cont) http://t.co/s6u5o8co 
 canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: how will any immigrant applying fo… (cont) http://t.co/ahyajt5b 
 president reagan put it best: "welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence." 
 call me old school but i believe in the old warrior's credo that "to the victor go the spoils." in other word… (cont) http://t.co/qj58y3xc 
 forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #timetogettough 
 illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at us taxpayers. washington needs to get tough and fight for "w… (cont) http://t.co/tblj9pwm 
 did you know that one of seven americans is now on food stamps? think of it. in the united states the most pr… (cont) http://t.co/jfwzw5ua 
 all this from a guy who lectured americans about tightening their belts: @barackobama bashes rich people an… (cont) http://t.co/p7ic1kte 
 rt @newsmax_media: trumps warns of obama tipping point that may destroy america  http://t.co/cnhhzarl  via @newsmax_media 
 i'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren't we talking about "onshoring"? we need to bring manufa… (cont) http://t.co/zvbb8eqa 
 first there was the declaration of independence then there was the constitution. now there is #timetogettough. available today 
 met @newtgingrich at trump tower today. he's a big thinker 
 #timetogettough: making america #1 again--my new book--available today.   the book both china and opec do not want you to read 
 when it comes to china @barackobama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. he begs and pleads and bows---and it… (cont) http://t.co/iyjm0igl 
 we are building china's wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in america 
 my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. time for america to be #1 again.  #timetogettough 
 here's my message to @barackobama: america is a capitalistic country. get over it and get on with it!  #timetogettough 
 don't forget next friday december 9th: i'll be signing my new book @howtogettough in trump tower from 11 a.m… (cont) http://t.co/jsiamkma 
 the new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs 
 he ruins the brand: @robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @foxnews . as cm for mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. sad 
 if "the art of the deal" is a must read then #timetogettough" is my opus.  it is available dec 5th 
 meeting former speaker newt gingrich next week. on the agenda---defeating @barackobama 
 why doesn't opec lower the price of crude to help avert the european crisis? crude keeps rising during the dow… (cont) http://t.co/seldvy28 
 the worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/3yvfrb9m 
 the fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. this will eventually create record inflation. it has to stop. #timetogettough 
 he ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @foxnews. as cm for mondale in '84 you  lost 49 states. sad 
 a special message to the staff of @trumpwaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... http://t.co/sf780xm3 
 when it comes to china @barackobama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. he begs and pleads and bows--and it'… (cont) http://t.co/qtkkp44z 
 fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." why? @barackobama's failure to lead with the super committee. http://t.co/uxyhhq6y 
 the unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  we must start making our own products again. #timetogettough 
 china is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockh… (cont) http://t.co/wir68cn4 
 newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. the data is unreliable. http://t.co/ddw3hsvn 
 unbelievable how he gets away with it:  @barackobama is flying around on air force one laughing at everybod… (cont) http://t.co/eswq5hwc 
 the habitual vacationer: @barackobama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) http://t.co/ncnti5pi 
 it's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @barackobama is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl… (cont) http://t.co/vdesycwj 
 #trumpvlog @barackobama is very inconsiderate... http://t.co/mnf00h17 
 america's trade deficit with china is one of our greatest national security threats.  time for fair trade. we must produce our own products 
 the banks were bailed out by us. they should start lending to private entrepreneurs. the banks are slowing american growth 
 my @foxandfriends interview from yesterday http://t.co/tyqkteya 
 in order to get elected @barackobama will start a war with iran 
 iran's continued public threats of annihilating @israel are unacceptable. iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #timetogettough 
 the cbo has confirmed that @barackobama's stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs.  http://t.co/nmsky9jb 
 real unemployment is at over 21%. businesses won't hire until @barackobama is defeated in 2012. #timetogettough 
 my new book "time to get tough" will be out dec 5th. solutions you won't hear from the politicians. the bes… (cont) http://t.co/ieii5tjt 
 i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough: making america #1 again in trump tower on frida… (cont) http://t.co/dlvhbv7b 
 third quarter gdp was lowered to 2% . there won't be any economic recovery until @barackobama is defeated 
 why does @barackobama support the radical islamists in egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the tea party 
 washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. we are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from china. truly unsustainable 
 iran will soon take all of the oil in iraq...and iraq itself---keep the oil 
 once iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the strait of hormuz.  oil will be over $300/barrel. iran'… (cont) http://t.co/ijwtmtkm 
 the failure of the "super committee" shows washington has truly incompetent leaders. #timetogettough 
 obamacare does indeed ration care. seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. repeal now! http://t.co/dj7oqxwx 
 american sanctions alone cannot stop iran's nuclear drive--and @barackobama cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions 
 in my new book #timetogettough i make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  http://t.co/a2ddoheg 
 congratulations to @trumpchicago @trumpsoho and @trumplasvegas --all listed #1 on @travelandleisure world's best business hotels 
 i dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "time is money"---the art of the deal 
 why are we giving china foreign aid? couldn't the super committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #timetogettough 
 the habitual vacationer--@barackobama--spent 9 days before the critical super committee deadline traveling.  he failed to lead again 
 as of september 30th we have a record trade deficit with china of over $217billion. they are ripping us off.  #timetogettough 
 yesterday @barackobama actually spent a full day in washington. he didn't campaign fund raise or play golf. shocking 
 my  new book #timetogettough -- out dec 5th -- outlines how to make america rich again. order now through amazon  http://t.co/ajla1ezl 
 my  @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @barackobama failed to show any leadership on th… (cont) http://t.co/dafbltti 
 egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical islam. the current protest is another coup attempt.  we should never have abandoned mubarak 
 the house's failure to pass the balance budget amendment was another unforced error by the gop. very disappointing 
 when the super committee fails @barackobama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. this is his plan 
 if @barackobama wanted the "super committee" to succeed he would have lead. instead he has been campaigning. where is the leadership 
 china's economy is now projected to overtake the us as the world's largest economy by 2027 http://t.co/c5si2qte   #timetogettough 
 the super committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. the republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal 
 obamacare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  it is unsustainable and will lead america into complete insolvency 
 why is @barackobama delaying the sale of f-16 aircraft to taiwan? wrong message to send to china. #timetogettough 
 washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @barackobama is such an extreme leftist.  he must be defeated. #timetogettough 
 made in america? @barackobama called his 'birthplace'  hawaii  "here in asia."    http://t.co/dqka2pir 
 regardless of the usc's ruling obamacare can only be defeated politically. it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt 
 china is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in australia.  meanwhile they are building bases across latin america. #timetogettough 
 the stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of gdp over 10 years" --as admitted by @barackobama's own cbo http://t.co/otakcgov 
 @israel faces an existential threat in iran's nuclear drive. unfortunately @barackobama is no friend of israel 
 the federal deficit crossed $15trillion 100% of our gdp. yet the super committee can't find $1.2trillion i… (cont) http://t.co/e9bkxis3 
 crude has skyrocketed since @barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline. not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening 
 the federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. we need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed 
 crude is at $100/barrel. with the current state of the world economy how is that possible? opec is ripping of… (cont) http://t.co/bjw5fzyc 
 in the span of two months @barackobama the habitual vacationer has called america "soft" and lazy." he loves to criticize america 
 my new book  time to get tough  comes out  on december 5th. pre-order on amazon.com. it's the best book i've ever written 
 when mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place. – the midas touch 
 waterboarding ksm gave us the intelligence that lead to bin laden 
 reporter should resign---- http://t.co/gu8tbxtk 
 @barackobama has increased the epa budget by over 150%.  the epa is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  it sends jobs overseas 
 the supercommittee is a disaster. the republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. they hat… (cont) http://t.co/p1hbyfh0 
 my interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the super committee and gop 2012.... http://t.co/dkdrgvxb 
 @barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012. #timetogettough 
 fewer americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. obamacare must be fully repealed. http://t.co/4h5ljple 
 @barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline decision until 2013. now canada is looking to export more oil to china. http://t.co/e5xmnuhq 
 americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. is this @barackobama’s ‘recovery’? http://t.co/laei0sfa 
 @barackobama the habitual vacationer called america "lazy" this past weekend while in hawaii 
 @barackobama will attack iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. if the… (cont) http://t.co/wejd30pr 
 watch what's america worth? hosted and narrated by me this sunday at 9pm on @discovery http://t.co/zzjpwqhp 
 @barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to 2013.the pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs 
 october has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. is this @barackobama’s economic recovery 
 2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated 
 to the brave men and women past and present in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day 
 the arab spring has turned into the islamist winter.  our ally @israel is in a perilous position.  we must stand behind @israel 
 my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing @thehermancain @barackobama's mistreatment of israel and gop 2012. http://t.co/amw8ryrn 
 my thoughts on joe paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/lofr5qvt 
 the death tax should be abolished -- the government is  simply taxing you twice. it is also a job killer 
 the debate @barackobama's mic and my endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- http://t.co/zqxohzxj 
 solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @barackobama is both corrupt and inept 
 the fed should not bail out the eu.  europe's financial mess is their problem not our problem 
 herman cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @thehermancain 
 rick perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @rickperry 
 mitt romney did great in the debate last night 
 the fannie and freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. they were bailed out with $169b of our money 
 china is advocating on behalf of iran's nuclear program -- the chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… (cont) http://t.co/qx8aaswg 
 he is out of real solutions--@barackobama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase 
 the @supercommittee will fail. the republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal 
 instead of trash talking @pmisrael on the world stage @barackobama should be defending @israel 
 america should not be pressuring @israel to show restraint against iran. we should be working to stop iran's nuclear drive 
 some @ows protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party 
 our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing. washington does not have a revenue problem 
 the federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. this is unsustainable and a true danger. the american dream is being destroyed 
 #timetogettough the white house correspondents' dinner in my new book "time to get tough".....watch the #trumpvlog--- http://t.co/urim6jqw 
 a record high 6.7% of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic.  we can do better 
 reporter @alhunt is one boring and low vision guy 
 china 'scorns'  us cyber espionage charges--china does not respect us  http://t.co/hwmz5nea  and feels obama is a "dummy" 
 see what i have to say about the occupy wall street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... http://t.co/te2navlx 
 iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear 
 malfeasance at fannie mae and freddie mac helped cause our current financial meltdown 
 my interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @thehermancain "witch hunt" http://t.co/c0ynlokl 
 watch my interview with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight on fox news at 10 p.m 
 the oil companies collude with opec to keep oil artificially overvalued. they need to be reigned in 
 the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts 
 the economy won't fully recover until  @obamacare is fully repealed. it is a job killer 
 egypt's muslim brotherhood just made its first visit to hamas-led gaza. why did @barackobama promote the "arab spring" 
 why is @barackobama letting the taliban know when our troops are leaving? http://t.co/v1crdfcb  this is dangerous for our soldiers 
 the  @supercommittee must cut spending not raise taxes. washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem 
 another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. this is how the money we borrow at 40% from china is wasted 
 is jon stewart a racist? see video that includes clip... http://t.co/tuae4cwq #thedailyshow 
 the republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  military cuts will now come along with tax increases 
 the chinese military is already hacking our satellites http://t.co/seqio55u.   the chinese government is not an american ally 
 it snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in new york city. it is still october. so much for global warming 
 the al qaeda flag is now flying over benghazi. @barackobama spent over $3billion of our money for this 
 is jon stewart a racist? see video--- http://t.co/zbjw0tny @thedailyshow 
 bernie madoff and tony la russa in today's #trumpvlog...  http://t.co/fkla4ypo 
 our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @barackobama is proposing over $90 billion in new regulations 
 obamacare contains marriage penalty taxes. why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare 
 my interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing ows  http://t.co/fbhsudnt 
 my interview yesterday with @teamcavuto discussing europe's debt deal and the gop primary   http://t.co/1tz0hevr 
 the us air force won the war in libya to clear the way for islamic extremist control of libya 
 our worst threat to unemployment is @obamacare.  it will also destroy our country's basic standards 
 when will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? iraq and libya should reimburse us in oil 
 the debt is our nation's greatest threat. @barackobama is out of touch 
 watch me tonight at 9pm et on @cnn full hour. @piersmorgan won @apprenticenbc before taking over larry king's slot- should be interesting 
 why aren't we getting any oil from iraq before we leave? we are leaving the country wide open for iran. big mistake 
 when will washington stand up to china. china is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. washington should move on legislation 
 i am happy to see the majority of the gop candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped 
 my @foxnews interview last night with @gretawire http://t.co/p9opyzbf 
 in response to @lawrence my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt great as… (cont) http://t.co/2fon2l0u 
 read this about @lawrence.... http://t.co/4gvjmygu 
 i heard because his show is unwatchable that @lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. maybe i should sue him 
 the 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. we must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @barackobama's damage 
 stop calling my office to do your show i have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence 
 why does the federal government send foreign aid  to china? unbelievable! washington is financing america's de… (cont) http://t.co/iyypwemt 
 please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else i don't watch your show 
 does @barackobama ever work? he is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair 
 i only go on shows that get ratings that's why i do @oreillyfactor @hannityshow and @gretawire. your sho… (cont) http://t.co/jdttcnju 
 printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. the fed is destroyin… (cont) http://t.co/ndvdvb88 
 libya is adopting a more radical form of sharia law now under their new leadership. is this what @barackobama wanted 
 so much for creating american jobs--@barackobama gave $529 million to a "green" car company---so they can be manufactured in finland 
 the job plan by @barackobama is nothing more than a second stimulus. the first failed and so will this one 
 see what i have to say about iran and iraq in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/t44xcgey 
 we are leaving iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. we should be reimbursed with oil! -- don't give it to iran 
 the dollar is at an all-time wwii low against the yen. the fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation 
 why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy not a friend 
 the misery index is at a 28 year high 
 why did @barackobama liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors? iran is a threat to our national security 
 a simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector 
 why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this 
 why is  crude oil priced at $86/barrel?  opec is  ripping us off. not worth $30/barrel.  america needs new leaders 
 my thoughts on gadhafi's death @barackobama and the misery index... http://t.co/hgarmpie #trumpvlog 
 the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home 
 @barackobama claims that all his choices were "the right ones." i am sure the 20% of americans who are unemployed disagree 
 bob beckel a commentator for fox is bad for the @foxnews brand:  @bobbeckel is close to incompetent 
 "sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities."  -- midas touch w/@atherealkiyosaki 
 america needs to rebuild our infrastructure. why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge… (cont) http://t.co/onb8qwhl 
 we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits 
 my beautiful wife melania will be appearing on qvc this evening from 8 to 9 pm 
 both @barackobama and china have embraced ows. all want the decline of america. time for the protesters to go home 
 my thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... http://t.co/qtgjczdx 
 my @foxnews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing ows and  @barackobama's incompetent leadership.  http://t.co/sqjqauju 
 our country is blowing up and @barackobama is out campaigning 
 "everyone makes mistakes but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- midas touch 
 iraq's government is treating us like fools. we should demand their oil 
 if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums 
 now china is publicly supporting the ows protests  http://t.co/cekr8i40.  it's time for the protesters to go home 
 watch @seanhannity tonight on his show hannity fox news at 9 pm.  i'll be on and we'll cover the wall stree… (cont) http://t.co/rs3i59qh 
 iran was planning to attack the israeli and saudi dc embassies. we should respond accordingly. the diplomatic  window is closed 
 @barackobama is holding taiwan's request for 66 advanced f-16's. wrong message to send to china 
 it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security 
 late last friday @barackobama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in us history 
 @johnboehner: stop "the china curse" --- pass the china currency bill 
 happy to have passed 800000 followers.  looking forward to passing 1m sooner than later 
 why is @barackobama always campaigning or on vacation 
 my new book midas touch in stores now.... http://t.co/vrsoip1i #trumpvlog 
 china's military buildup is a major threat to the free world. we must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs 
 be sure to watch my wonderful wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1am est 
 more questions answered... http://t.co/jpi262lw #trumpvlog 
 check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... http://t.co/rcevkfro 
 if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house 
 stop "the china curse" -- pass the chinese currency bill 
 my @foxnews interview on @gretawire discussing "the china curse" http://t.co/f2ezh1jb 
 tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog 
 tune in tonight to greta van susteren's  show on the record which airs on fox news at 9 p.m 
 mitt romney is right about the chinese rip-off of america 
 the debate was very interesting last night. there were numerous winners and governor romney did very well 
 when will @barackobama release an actual budget 
 i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich 
 if the prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals 
 the only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices 
 the fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation 
 new study shows 80% of congress have no business experience--it shows 
 a guy named @bobbeckel on fox their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain 
 i have traveled the world. america is the most beautiful country on earth 
 the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection 
 when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first 
 the gop primary schedule is a disaster. not enough time 
 a-rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. a-rod misrepresented to th… (cont) http://t.co/szbeilm7 
 @barackobama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. does he really believe we are that stupid 
 why is the un condemning @israel and doing nothing about syria? what a disgrace 
 in order to save medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal obamacare 
 washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on solyndra type loans. yet they want to cut military spending 
 china is threatening washington over the currency bill.  we should pass it immediately 
 @barackobama sold guns to the mexican drug cartels.  they were used in the murders of americans . where is the outrage 
 @barackobama now says  that he is an "underdog in 2012." america should be so lucky. we still need a solid candidate 
 our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @barackobama. he is a disaster 
 the democrats in the super committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. huge mistake. cut wasteful spending first 
 @barackobama released documents late last friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin… (cont) http://t.co/kgssdrw5 
 great meeting with @thehermancain yesterday in trump tower. great guy 
 looking forward to visiting the trump vineyard estates today in charlottesville va for a press conference and the grand opening 
 great article in @torontodotcom - "@donaldjtrumpjr: the original apprentice"  http://t.co/ybv3mdyu 
 i was on  cnn last night with @erinburnett 
 watch my interview with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on fox news 
 it's about time italy recognized the innocence of @amandaknox---great news 
 looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in atlantic canada--my first time ever 
 my book midas touch with robert kiyosaki (rich dad poor dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea… (cont) http://t.co/txl4xbfc 
 @thecelebrityapprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in february 
 @usgovernment has done nothing to help @amandaknox 
 @amandaknox is innocent.  italian government should pay for this travesty 
 sadly vanity fair is a rapidly dying magazine. needs new blood--and fast! going the way of spy magazine 
 the unemployment numbers are tragic. we are letting the world take our jobs.  it has to stop 
 @barackobama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't 
 how many  more billions of dollars will @barackobama continue to waste in these solar companies 
 everyone should boycott italy if amanda knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent 
 @jonhuntsman called to set up a meeting. haven't returned his call 
 @vpbiden is actually right for once:  biden: "voters should blame obama not bush for economy." http://t.co/zjj3lqoq 
 my interview yesterday with @myfoxny  http://t.co/k4qwrzzx 
 i'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at macy's. in business it'… (cont) http://t.co/bsu4bohn 
 a simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. unfortunately  washington is incapable of simplifying anything 
 the only way for medicare and social security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @barackobama doesn't get it 
 the iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. they laugh at us. we can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons 
 the fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation 
 china does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves. we have all the advantages but don't execute 
 my @foxnews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in trump tower and also @govchristie  http://t.co/v1hci12k 
 really bad ratings  for lawrence o'donnell on msnbc---o'reilly is killing him 
 @jonhuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. whoever said i wanted to meet him? time is money and i don't waste mine 
 the @erictrumpfdn golf invitational featuring a performance by @bretmichaels was a great event. enjoy the video.... http://t.co/jqjn0a6r 
 when will @barackobama present an actual budget? enough with the games 
 "sleepy" chuck todd of nbc falls far short of the late great tim russert 
 china is stealing our jobs. we need to demand china stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage 
 great interview in @postedtoronto of @donaldjtrumpjr:  he makes me proud.  http://t.co/lzksvyym 
 obamacare must be completely repealed. a recent report from ubs shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring 
 my interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  http://t.co/yvg4wlez 
 happy new year to all my jewish friends 
 our economy is struggling and opec continues to rip us off. output is low and the price is too high.  they ar… (cont) http://t.co/s0wgm9ou 
 it seems @barackobama had our tax dollars buy guns for mexican drug lords that were used to kill americans. we need answers now 
 a great interview of @donaldjtrumpjr in the @ globeandmail on trump tower toronto http://t.co/yoejnaot 
 my @cnn  interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @mittromney   http://t.co/jb7tmq0c 
 my @foxnews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @mittromney  http://t.co/hscausll 
 my @foxnews interview from yesterday with @teamcavuto discussing the economy my trip to australia @mittromne… (cont) http://t.co/jor41vlt 
 obamacare is a major threat to america's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. small businesses will b… (cont) http://t.co/xcf3tmcv 
 our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. we must cut government spending 
 obama care’s taxes vest in 2014. conveniently after the 2012 election. coincidence 
 opec is ripping us off on oil. we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #solyndra 
 our deficit spending is china’s gain. @barackobama is bankrupting our country 
 i couldn't make the faith and freedom confab in orlando so i sent a video... http://t.co/abznv75i 
 now is no time to cut military spending. we must remain strong. our enemies are looking for weakness. i'm i… (cont) http://t.co/dyuatftl 
 government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. this will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term 
 @erictrump is doing a great job on completing our new trump winery in virginia 
 @barackobama's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me 
 australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love america 
 china is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country 
 our next president must stop china's rip-off of america 
 just finished speaking in sydney australia in front of 20000 people and today i'm off to melbourne for anot… (cont) http://t.co/dujnk4d4 
 rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un 
 obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy 
 "if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal 
 sorry i will miss the cpac gathering in orlando--there in spirit--obama must go 
 @barackobama's method of spending the stimulus -- "obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided solyndra"  http://t.co/wsisn5ip 
 i find it really hard to listen to @barackobama's speeches. he doesn't have a clue 
 it  seems there is never a problem for which @barackobama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax 
 my interview which recently aired on cnbc's squawk box   http://t.co/vnbgg0iu 
 my in… (cont) http://t.co/ynx1msyh 
 how will raising taxes create jobs? washington is all out of answers. new leadership is needed 
 i am increasingly concerned with the un's ploy against @israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from australia 
 watch my latest appearance on squawk box .... http://t.co/vnloy1wk 
 if china had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. instead we continue to buy oil from opec 
 my thoughts on the emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... http://t.co/oyb6833m 
 "it  doesn't cost any money to think bigger."  -- the art of the deal 
 @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. stick to the memoirs and speeches 
 @barackobama -- honored and excited to be listed on @attackwatch. thanks. btw -- where are the jobs?   donald 
 i applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the un to defend @israel. a true us friend and great leader 
 we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector 
 can you imagine if @barackobama had passed cap and trade?!  energy costs would be double from already record highs 
 the solyndra scandal--@barackobama's $500million photo op. he loves wasting our money 
 my @foxnews interview last night on @gretawire -- "on 2012:  i'll wait and see"   http://t.co/1svrlyli 
 had dinner with @rickperry last night---great guy straight shooter impressive record 
 third gun linked to 'fast and furious' identified at border agent's murder scene. when will the white house come clean 
 @barackobama's job bill contains the word 'tax' over 330 times--that will sure work 
 my interview yesterday with @teamcavuto where i discuss dick cheney and china  http://t.co/gkutyem 
 bob turner--great guy great businessman will be a great congressman. was happy to help him win 
 i'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at macy's herald square.  5:30 pm at the crystal department on 8 
 @barackobama will hear loud and clear today the message ny-9 is sending by electing @bobturner9th -- @israel is our friend and ally 
 we should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… (cont) http://t.co/vxfagtr 
 i'm very proud of my new crystal collection. here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection elmsford  http://bi… (cont) http://t.co/izegbyw 
 the white house is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the fast and furious investigation. american lives were lost. we need answers 
 the eric trump foundation golf invitational benefiting st. jude children's research hospital is today--and i… (cont) http://t.co/k6n4qzq 
 how can the economy ever recover when @barackobama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. this is no way to spur growth 
 i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message 
 friends in ny-9 let @barackobama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @israel.  vote for @bobturner9th tomorrow 
 the american economy would grow if washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. government is not the solution 
 my thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... http://t.co/ggdv1iv 
 watch the 2011 #missuniverse pageant tonight at 9pm on nbc... http://t.co/citxpt7 
 the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama 
 iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary 
 very exciting. i will be at macy’s herald square this wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of trump home crystal 
 want jobs? slash corporate tax rate.  tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us.  america will boom 
 @barackobama---the stimulus will fail just like the first 
 i watched potus speech from europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs 
 @ivankatrump always makes me proud    http://t.co/wknx85k 
 why is the un planning to attack @israel's sovereignty and ignore iran's nuclear program? the us should look at future funding 
 china is happy to learn that @barackobama plans to borrow another $300 billion. @barackobama is their favorite client 
 if only speeches could create jobs then @barackobama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record 
 my interview yesterday with @ingrahamangle  http://t.co/oiqrrke 
 my interview with @gretawire last night on @foxnews:  @barackobama 'missed his opportunity'  http://t.co/wifsyqd 
 america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer 
 why was @barackobama selling guns to mexican drug dealers 
 a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and medicare---not cuts on seniors 
 us should have told libya "rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support 
 usa should take oil from iraq in repayment for their liberation.  http://t.co/4rsrfqg 
 @barackobama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment 
 the un is about to use its assembly to attack @israel. we should defund the un entirely if they can't act resp… (cont) http://t.co/l0ckuk9 
 @barackobama wishes speeches could create jobs.  his job is costing america all of ours 
 fast and furious   gun running goes all the way to the white house.  we need answers now 
 oil is double the price now compared to last year--opec is laughing at @barackobama 
 fast and furious put semi-automatics in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans - @barackobama should answer all questions 
 the white house is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when obama care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher 
 make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house 
 @barackobama is so inept that i think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the joint session on september 7th. just sad 
 my interview with @gretawire last night -- "everything obama does is a 'campaign speech'"  http://t.co/n1m1nqc 
 we must stand firm against the un's ploy to sabotage israel---if the un grants the pa statehood then we must immediately defund it 
 i'll be  on greta van susteren's show tonight at 10 pm on foxnews. tune in 
 with gas prices rising and the economy failing  @barackobama seeks to have his epa raise energy prices by $109b  http://t.co/vcm5gmd 
 libya is being taken over by islamic radicals---with @barackobama's open support 
 my thoughts on dick cheney and his new book… http://t.co/x6stu9n #trumpvlog 
 china's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. we need to reassess our relationship 
 the new libyan government should turn over the lockerbie bomber---now 
 obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses 
 if the un unilaterally grants the palestinians statehood then the us should cut off all its funding. actions have consequences 
 if the palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group hamas 
 crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. opec is ripping us off 
 @barackobama must release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution 
 iran admits to aiding the libyan "rebels" and ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will washington learn? http://t.co/pitnjx3 
 libyan rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask 
 hurricane irene and libya in today's #trumpvlog.... http://t.co/m865fk0 
 more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree 
 there is no substitute for private sector experience 
 why did @barackobama and his family travel separately to martha's vineyard? they love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime 
 i'm very proud of the work my son @erictrump has been doing with the @erictrumpfdn take a look... http://t.co/yuqnd55 
 america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people 
 china's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the american economy. with the right leadership it can be stopped 
 @barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion 
 there usually is an easy solution to every problem. for instance a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election 
 we have spent over $1 billion on the  libya operation. what are we getting back 
 just as i predicted @joe_biden was a complete disaster in china. he condoned the chinese one-child policy an… (cont) http://t.co/m3tnjw5 
 as bad as qaddafi was---what comes next in libya will be worse---just watch 
 let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over 
 we  spent over a billion on libya and lead the way---why is europe getting the oil 
 @ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him 
 we don't need another stimulus. the first one was a complete failure. why repeat the same mistake 
 while @barackobama continues to defend obamacare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers. eve… (cont) http://t.co/deh05pd 
 israel is being barraged by rockets from gaza recently. they must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens 
 @barackobama is sure a master delegator. he has sent @joe_biden to china. the chinese are laughing at us. we must do better 
 @barackobama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china.  
 you can listen to my interview today with jay sekulow live and the @jordansekulow show here http://t.co/9zrgbie  @12pm est 
 insurgents in iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---us wastes  trillions 
 many people have been asking to see my plane the apprentice's @amandatmiller will give you a tour... http://t.co/9stmzhu 
 karl rove --lost gop both houses of congress and the white house--gave us obama 
 @macmiller will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/rmy8ude 
 ron paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in iraq and afghanistan 
 my interview with @gretawire on fox news for those who missed it - 'obama's constantly on vacation'      http://t.co/rokglim 
 @barackobama has a record low 39% gallup approval rating. why so high 
 my interview this morning on good morning america  with george stephanopoulos  http://t.co/n7urafm 
 amazing--obama speaks market goes  down---trump tells cnbc he's buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way 
 china owes us money.... http://t.co/ful8xav #trumpvlog 
 a good example of how our country wastes money... http://t.co/iwrhauy #trumpvlog 
 i was interviewed by greta van susteren today here at trump tower.  tune in tonight on fox news at 10 p.m.… (cont) http://t.co/jbq6jxf 
 china is a threat to america. they are not our friend 
 unemployment is plaguing both black and hispanic youths. very troubling 
 my thoughts on the republican party in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/mbcbhwm 
 @barackobama played golf yesterday. now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in martha's vineyard.  nice work ethic 
 reporters say it's the trump bump---i tell cnbc i am buying stocks--- and the market goes up 
 economic growth can save social security medicare and america 
 mike huckebee a great guy said the president should appoint me treasury secretary. china and opec would not be happy 
 ron paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in iraq and afghanistan 
 obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government 
 it's easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties 
 how will mitt romney defend his  record on jobs and romneycare in tonight's debate 
 looking forward to the gop  debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll. we must get a real leader 
 i was on cnbc this morning talking about the market and america's financial future  http://bit.ly/rsbqme 
 my interview from yesterday with #apprentice andy on @americanowradio http://t.co/vdrah1n 
 the fed continues to flood the market with us dollars. wrong move 
 oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. opec continues to rip us off. not worth $30. new leadership needed 
 congress should get back to washington but @barackobama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in martha's vineyard 
 @barackobama took another swipe at the state of israel for building in their capital jerusalem on a jewish hol… (cont) http://deck.ly/~7qsgg 
 http://goo.gl/amnee countdown to @americanowradio as my former 
 #apprentice andy and i talk about politics an… (cont) http://deck.ly/~9q2fk 
 republicans and democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. this is not a go… (cont) http://deck.ly/~1upep 
 the s&p are losers. they did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) http://deck.ly/~pgl6v 
 my interview yesterday on the s&p downgrade with wolf blitzer on cnn  http://bit.ly/nxfqvo 
 my interview with greta last night on fox news -- "nation has become "all talk no action' "  http://bit.ly/mqo62o 
 he's hired! listen to my #apprentice andy launchhis radio show @americanowradio with me tomorrow 6pm ethttp://t.co/xpz0oqa 
 the s&p downgrade is a direct result of @barackobama's increased reckless budget spending and obama care. he owns this 
 the new president of opec is mahmoud ahmadinejad’s confidant rostam ghasemi a commander of the revolutionar… (cont) http://deck.ly/~unuil 
 obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy 
 in today's #trumpvlog i answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... http://t.co/srgjzru 
 china demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. our leaders are hope… (cont) http://deck.ly/~x0tdx 
 america's debt officially became 100% of our gdp on @barackobama's 50th birthday---coincidence 
 my interview last night with greta on fox news    http://bit.ly/n7lorz 
 thanks to giovanni's coal fire pizza of florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 police athletic league youngsters in ny this friday 
 watch my interview with greta van susteren on her show on the record tonight on fox news in the 10 p.m. hour 
 today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the republican candidates... http://t.co/owqdhkf 
 morning joe panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better america without giving credit -- the story of my life 
 republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it 
 i believe america can be great only with proper leadership 
 wake up america -- china is eating our lunch 
 all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator 
 why i would not have approved the deal... http://t.co/jgvl8fq #trumpvlog 
 no taxes the only good thing about dc debt deal 
 http://bit.ly/pwggsq  

 http://bit.ly/pwggsq  


 mymy  interview yesterday on cnbc's squawk box:  debt deal a… (cont) http://deck.ly/~hzmkl 
 the more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets 
 your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/ij01jh0 
 republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems 
 why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong 
 this is the best deal the republicans could get 
 disappointed in gop and dems---giving obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake 
 ex-presidential pollster pat cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure 
 we need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem 
 no taxes in boehner or reid plan----important victory for america 
 watched sean hannity last night -- a great guy 
 if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal 
 blue ribbon commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? bad idea 
 "never quit and always hit back" -- the art of the comeback 
 i just got mike leach's new book  swing your sword. he's a great coach and he's written a great book. it's definitely worth reading 
 i appreciate the kind words of mike huckabee a fine american http://bit.ly/pebsgy 
 @barackobama has not released his own debt plan yet. he's totally lost ineffective desperate. gop has its best chance to make a great deal 
 my wife melania trump's show was a tremendous success last night. in case you missed her you can see her again tonight on @qvc at 7 pm et 
 @johnboehner  "the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."  --the art of the deal 
 please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog 
 @karlrove's @crossroadsgps new ad criticizes obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from china. didn't bush do the same thing 
 my interview yesterday from newsmax - "obama is  'now totally lost'  boehner must not fold"  http://bit.ly/n7ahdk 
 people ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous 
 "know when to walk away from the table."   the art of the deal 
 watch my wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1 a.m.  so proud of her 
 higher taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste 
 china has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---us needs our toughest negotiator---and fast 
 america's debt is greater than our gdp. time for new thinking 
 my interview from yesterday on fox and friends -- "gop crazy if  they don't get everything they  want"  http://bit.ly/nksbbf 
 my thoughts on the situation in norway and amanda knox... http://t.co/225oyhf #trumpvlog 
 fiscal mismanagement of cash costing us taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for seniors 
 obama sadly has no business or private sector background---and it shows 
 the pressure on the debt ceiling is on @barackobama.... http://t.co/9gffifm #trumpvlog 
 the answer to both social security and medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly 
 we need a balanced budget amendment because congress has no fiscal discipline 
 unfortunately@barackobama's continued attack on the us $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things 
 ronald kessler's new book "the secrets of the fbi" is a great book that should be read by everyone 
 "increasing america’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally." - us senator @barackobama 2007 
 my interview on @gretawire last night  - "our leaders are leading us into 'oblivion'" http://t.co/zogcrx3 
 "the gang of six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. any deal needs to repeal obamacare. t-e-a 
 "china is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- redstate interview 
 obama is addicted to spending america into insolvency. his record proves it 
 robust economic growth is the answer to the medicare problem--not cuts on the elderly 
 while @barackobama seeks to further destroy  our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. such a total failure---as a president 
 @johnboehner  @ericcantor  "you can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods people will eventually catch on." - the art of the deal 
 so china is ordering us to raise the debt limit...how low have we as a nation sunk 
 the gop doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. defunding obamacare should be central to any deal 
 every dollar @barackobama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from china on our children and grandchildren's backs. cut-cap-balance 
 @barackobama has sold guns to mexican drug lords while his doj erodes our 2nd  amendment rights 
 #trumpvlog the republicans must act now don't let @barackobama push you around.... http://t.co/phlzxon 
 congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of  their daughter arabella rose yesterday 
 @marcorubio is right. we need to create more taxpayers not more taxes. cut cap and balance.  http://t.co/8mkucg8 
 @barackobama you have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. t-e-a http://t.co/wr9c7z7 
 who will be the next @therealteenusa? find out this saturday at 8pm et on missteenusa.com  #teenusa 
 what is better advice- "the art of the deal" or "rules for radicals"? i know which one @barackobama prefers 
 cut cap and balance. taxed enough already 
 take a look at  http://t.co/fl8tkjy and  http://t.co/lv1el9g to see these beautiful hotels 
 us news named the top10 best hotels in the us--and trump int'l hotel & tower nyc and trump int'l hotel & tower chicago are on the list 
 @barackobama you have abandoned israel and engaged the muslim brotherhood and even the arab world does not like it http://t.co/hblfbie 
 while @barackobama tries to push gun control http://t.co/et64xhb --he still has not answered for project gun runner http://t.co/bb9gwdu 
 my interview last night with greta on the gop going el foldo http://t.co/ghxqibu 
 @johnboehner debt ceiling- "sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal." 
 more thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/muee4al 
 @macmiller "donald trump the song" gets 16m hits on youtube. who wouldn't be flattered 
 @johnboehner "much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation."  the art of the deal 
 @johnboehner mr. speaker bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! let's get the ball rolling 
 on our youtube channel- the opening of the incredible trump ocean club in panama.... http://t.co/6xkmji8 
 derek jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/lrmvyyw 
 house gop wants to cut medicare obama took $500 billion from medicare for obamacare. both wrong 
 obamacare tragedy primed to further explode the deficit  http://t.co/wrxqlxa  and @obama transferred $500 billion from medicare to fund it 
 @obama - iranian weapons killing americans in iraq? what are u doing about this?  http://t.co/pbnwzea 
 @johnboehner message for house gop  "the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - the art of the deal 
 if only @obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening israel's borders then america would be on the path to solvency 
 the art of the deal--"the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have." cut cap and balance 
 republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @barackobama in today's debt talks--first and foremost cutcap and balance 
 congress is back.time to cut cap and balance.there is no revenue problem.the debt limit cannot be raised until obama spending is contained 
 perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in washington ... http://t.co/isqxbu1 
 tomorrow we'll be going to panama for the opening of our new hotel. it's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. http://t.co/s2klhqi 
 wishing everyone a wonderful independence day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country 
 please read http://t.co/pkvonlv and watch a recent trip made to trump vineyard estates by @erictrump http://t.co/wnwhqzb 
 did my weekly phoner on fox & friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      http://t.co/uamwc6k 
 i was in san jose ca on saturday for a sit-down interview for the acn national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people. huge 
 @golfmagazine is having an online competition - vote… http://t.co/3ad9gbw 
 our new miss usa alyssa campanella came up to my office today for a visit. we're proud to have her as our new title holder 
 i've been visiting trump int'l golf links scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. spectacular!  http://t.co/o6fggos 
 congratulations to the miss usa pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among abc cbs nbc and fox. a great show and a huge success 
 congratulations to alyssa campanella miss california---our new miss usa!  http://t.co/2yugsnj 
 don't forget the miss usa pageant live on sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc. and you can vote for your favorite beauty! http://t.co/qzta367 
 watch me on the @hannityshow tonight at 9pm. more thoughts on anthony weiner in today's #trumpvlog… http://t.co/prqxzqt 
 new on our youtube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of trump golf… http://t.co/io4fclw 
 your most popular tweet answered why i'm holding off on a presidential bid... http://bit.ly/if5pz6 #trumpvlog 
 my thoughts on anthony weiner in today's #trumpvlog... http://bit.ly/j0lv8v 
 check out my speech from last friday http://cs.pn/jf4oe1 as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends http://bit.ly/kjwdvx 
 tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog 
 watch my appearances on good day ny... http://bit.ly/jxjhgu and @foxandfriends... http://bit.ly/iinif1 
 my thoughts on last night's meeting with @sarahpalinusa in today's #trumpvlog... http://bit.ly/jec5p9 
 wishing everyone a happy memorial day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country 
 @therealmissusa and the 2011 contestants stopped by trump tower yesterday watch the video... http://bit.ly/jqkneq #missusa #vegasusa11 
 congratulations to john rich and to marlee matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. you are both great! http://bit.ly/bnauav 
 my appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... http://bit.ly/lodldt 
 get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the celebrity apprentice is on this sunday night --don't miss it!  http://bit.ly/bnauav 
 check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of @apprenticenbc.... http://bit.ly/jyfgp3 #celebrityapprenticefinale 
 vote for the next miss usa... http://bit.ly/lxobom #vegasusa11 #missusa 
 this has been a very difficult decision regarding the presidential run and i want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support 
 ny jets center nick mangold interns for trump. watch trump's fabulous world of golf  tonight 9pm et on golf channelhttp://bit.ly/furnsb 
 guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase!  http://bit.ly/sertahotel 
 a sneak peek at sunday's episode of the celebrity apprentice... http://bit.ly/kmmwla #trumpvlog 
 watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... http://bit.ly/mpy4nr 
 @oreillyfactor is having a poll cast your vote for me at http://bit.ly/cxwgkp 
 be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday night 9 pm on nbc. http://bit.ly/bnauav 
 new the next generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr- http://bit.ly/hjujmg @ivankatrump- http://bit.ly/hxe6mf @erictrump- http://bit.ly/hj0jnx 
 my appearances on @todayshow http://on.today.com/fxc3ie and @gma http://abcn.ws/elztzz 
 @danmcisaac hopefully this answers your question... http://bit.ly/hko9uy #trumpvlog 
 be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc. it's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget 
 catch the second part of my interview with bill o'reilly tonight at 8pm on fox news 
 my thoughts on the o'reilly factor and more here... http://bit.ly/fmyibi 
 watch my latest video blog.... http://bit.ly/icubeg 
 watch me tonight on the o'reilly factor at 8 pm and 11 pm est fox news 
 watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on donald j. trump's fabulous world of golf 9pm et on golf channel.. http://bit.ly/gcqjpr 
 my latest celebrity apprentice video blog... http://bit.ly/dxgqkc 
 my appearance on the view... http://bit.ly/fk3utp and http://bit.ly/f5rtko 
 check out my most recent interview with cnn... http://bit.ly/gxe2ul 
 this is about the money i gave to charity--and in response to your comments about gadhafi... http://bit.ly/epux9u 
 my thoughts on the geico ad and more in today's video blog.... http://bit.ly/frcfzy 
 i want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. i really think they can do that through thetrumpnetwork http://trumpnetwork.com/ 
 here are my thoughts on last night's episode of the celebrity apprentice... http://bit.ly/hbtqxg 
 i spoke with fox and friends today watch here http://bit.ly/fmnvbx 
 don't forget the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc for another surprising and exciting episode  http://bit.ly/bnauav 
 the comedy central roast of donald trump last week was the #1 highest rated comedy central roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers 
 i'll be on with larry kudlow of the kudlow report tonight on cnbc at 7 p.m. we'll be discussing current affairs and politics. tune in 
 check out my interview on @gma http://abcn.ws/ib1t1c 
 catch me on fox news right now my interview with neil cavuto http://bit.ly/frkfrz 
 @shouldtrumprun hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  have you 
 some of your most popular questions answered in today's video http://bit.ly/gv6tvh 
 keep talking about me: use #trumproast to tweet about how good i look on @comedycentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c  http://bit.ly/hn3jow 
 check out the trump fabulous world of golf site to meet the fazio family---master golf course designers....http://bit.ly/gi3q3e 
 hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #trumproast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @comedycentral 
 hey @snoopdogg @itsthesituation @sethmacfarlane: oh i'm real scared. #trumproast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @comedy central 
 watch as i humiliate a dais full of "talent."  #trumproast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on comedy central  http://bit.ly/fugbyy 
 tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video 
 my thoughts on last night's celebrity apprentice http://bit.ly/hiolbj as well as my latest video blog at http://bit.ly/gkjl8x 
 don't forget to tune in to the celebrity apprentice this sunday night 9 pm on nbc. the fireworks continue....http://bit.ly/dwjzfs 
 i will be developing the two tallest towers in the republic of georgia.  http://nyti.ms/e9u79i 
 more of your questions answered in today's video at http://bit.ly/f91yloalso here is my appearance on neil cavuto http://bit.ly/erruo8 
 my thoughts on last night's celebrity apprentice http://bit.ly/ewm4t2 also an observation i made recently http://bit.ly/hqjere 
 mark it on your calendar: comedy central roast march 15th at 10:30 pm for the roast of trump   http://bit.ly/hriach 
 watch you've got donald trump at http://aol.it/fsouew 
 i appeared on david letterman last night. and don't forget sunday night---the first episode of celebrity apprentice will be on nbc at 9 pm 
 i was on the today show this morning and then visited regis & kelly. the celebrity apprentice starts this sunday night—don’t miss it 
 i answered some of your questions in today's video... http://bit.ly/exviyc 
 check out today's video blog http://bit.ly/g75jiu i want to answer more of your questions tweet me 
 also coming up: the celebrity apprentice returns. sunday night march 6 at 9 pm est http://www.nbc.com/the-apprentice/ 
 coming up in march: the "comedy central roast of donald trump." march 15 mark your calendars.  http://bit.ly/hyna0e 
 i answered your questions in today's video... watch at http://bit.ly/hnzt5j 
 check out today's from the desk of donald trump at http://bit.ly/exbfow i'm willing to answer your questions tweet me 
 check out my interview from msnbc at http://on.msnbc.com/gagnia 
 watch the latest from the desk of donald trump at http://bit.ly/f0kmi2 and read this article http://nydn.us/fpkqsy 
 i was speaking with don imus this morning.... http://bit.ly/htvrfq 
 the westminster dog show asked if i'd be interested in meeting hickory a scottish deerhound who won best in show. she came to visit today 
 from the desk of donald trump- two new videos up at http://bit.ly/hgkbs7 and http://bit.ly/ff8trt 
 check out shouldtrumprun....http://shouldtrumprun.com/ 
 foxnewsinsider with comments on my speech at cpac in washington dc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v96ftzppicw 
 i was on cnn yesterday.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbp8n8706qa 
 watch my speech at cpac in washington dc yesterday ...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr1b8ykxcao 
 it was great to appear on piers morgan tonight last night as his first live guest. piers won the celebrity apprentice and he's fantastic 
 be sure to watch oprah today (4 pm on channel 7) i'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..http://bit.ly/f7wny8 
 don't miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning tonight at 9 pm et http://bit.ly/gcqjpr 
 watch melania on qvc this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "melania timepieces & jewelry" collection 
 when they have no environmental restrictions! america' s workers need us." http://shouldtrumprun.com/ 
 the people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! how are our factories supposed to compete with china and other countries 
 don't miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning january 31 at 9 pm et. celebrity matches and more 
 busy doing phoners this week with neil cavuto wolf blitzer fox & friends and larry kudlow....check out  http://shouldtrumprun.com/ 
 don't forget to watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon 12:35 a.m. on nbc. i'll be making a big announcement 
 this afternoon i'll be speaking with neil cavuto on your world with neil cavuto 4 p.m. on fox news 
 watch me on late night with jimmy fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on nbc--i'll be making a big announcement 
 wishing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous new year 
 wishing everyone a very happy holiday season 
 don't forget to watch larry king tonight cnn at 9 pm.  he's a television legend and a great friend. it's going to be a fantastic farewell 
 i'll be appearing on larry king live for his final show thursday night at 9 p.m. cnn. larry's been on tv for 25 years 
 trump international hotel las vegas and trump international hotel & tower waikiki beach walk. http://tlworldsbest.roiresearch.com/ 
 those five hotels includetrump international hotel & tower new york trump soho new york trump international hotel & tower chicago 
 all the hotels currently open in the trump hotel collection have been nominated for travel & leisure's "world's best awards 2011"  
 congratulations to brandy as our new apprentice and to clint for being a great player. it's been a terrific season 
 tonight is the apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way with the great liza minnelli performing and a new apprentice 
 tonight's episode of the apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3 and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on nbc 
 congratulations to evan lysacek for being nominated si sportsman of the year. he's a great guy and he has my vote!  #evanforsi 
 my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving 
 tomorrow night's episode of the apprentice delivers excitement at qvc along with appearances by isaac mizrahi and cathie black. 10 pm on nbc 
 watch cnn tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a thanksgiving special hosted by john king. i'll be a featured guest 
 staff sgt. salvatore a. giunta received the medal of honor from pres. obama this month. it was a great honor to have him visit me today 
 "cnbc titans: donald trump " will be shown friday nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and  11/24 at 7 pm   http://bit.ly/ckojpn 
 we're getting down to the wire on the apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on nbc 
 my interview last week with greta van susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. http://bit.ly/96ztoa  good info to know about 
 tonight's episode of the apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on nbc 
 tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on nbc 
 i'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with greta van susteren 10 p.m. on fox news. it will be the first of a two part series 
 i was on the view this morning. we talked about the apprentice. tonight's episode is a great one--tough exciting and surprising. 10 pm/nbc 
 be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on nbc 
 don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of the apprentice-- 10 pm on nbc 
 an hr solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses...   http://bit.ly/9up9vj 
 be sure to watch the apprentice tonight 10 p.m. on nbc--it's an episode you won't forget 
 scotland is beautiful and trump internatonal golf links-scotland is progressing beautifully as well.  http://bit.ly/buwwnb 
 don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of the apprentice--10 p.m. on nbc 
 i'm honored to be presented the award of doctor of business administration honoris causa from robert gordon university in aberdeen scotland 
 read ivanka's blog about last night's apprentice on entertainment weekly ...http://bit.ly/bmnf72 
 tune in tonight at 10 pm on nbc for another exciting episode of the apprentice -- and see the dog whisperer make an appearance 
 see the new sizzle reel for the apprentice   http://bit.ly/ax8nah 
 don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on nbc for another action packed episode of the apprentice.   http://bit.ly/bnauav 
 be sure to tune in for melania's second qvc show for "melania timepieces & jewelry"  tonight live from 9-10 pm on qvc http://bit.ly/addvkj 
 don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of the apprentice. 9 pm est on nbc. we're all in for a fantastic new season 
 eric did a great job with his eric trump foundation annual charity outing. i'm proud of him.  http://bit.ly/c1y3c3 
 i am very happy to have the civilian version of "the apprentice" back on the air this fall. there will be excitement as well as opportunity 
 coming up soon: the two hour premiere of the apprentice. next thursday september 16th at 9  pm on nbc.    http://bit.ly/bmb4ch 
 there's a lot going on at the eric trump foundation ...  http://bit.ly/9rj0sn 
 i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the u.s. open yesterday. she's fantastic 
 check out trump international hotel & tower new york --spectacular! http://www.trump.com/hotel_collection/trump_new_york/trump_new_york.asp 
 check out serta's counting sheep (and me) at the trump international hotel new york http://bit.ly/sertarm9 
 i'll be on the late show with david letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on cbs 
 went to the yankees game last night with bill o'reilly--we had a great time watching the yankees win 
 spent a beautiful weekend golfing at trump national golf club westchester and trump national golf club bedminster 
 the miss universe pageant raked in some great ratings!  a great job by everyone 
 congratulations to miss mexico jimena navarrete our new miss universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show 
 it's going to get hotter in las vegas tonight! watch the miss universe pageant tonight on nbc at 9 p.m. i'm looking forward to being there 
 four more days until the miss universe pageant. be sure to tune in on monday night at 9 p.m. on nbc--it will be an amazing show 
 the original apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on thursday september 16th. looking forward to a fantastic season 
 so don't forget to enter the serta counting sheep for hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta 
 that trip would be to the trump international hotel las vegas...http://www.trump.com/hotel_collection/trump_las_vegas/trump_las_vegas.asp 
 friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip 
 check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite 
 check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta 
 eric's sept. 14th event will be held at trump national golf club westchester. http://www.trump.com/golf_clubs/westchester/westchester.asp 
 mark your calenders for august 23rd:  http://www.missuniverse.com/ 
 performing live on the miss universe pageant from the mandalay bay resort & casino will be telemundo orianthi john legend and the roots 
 the miss universe pageant will be on august 23 (9-11 p.m. on nbc et) with bret michaels and natalie morales to co-host live from las vegas 
 enter the contest....http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress...and stay at trump international hotel las vegas 
 and stay at  the fantastic trump international hotel las vegas ...http://www.trump.com/hotel_collection/trump_las_vegas/trump_las_vegas.asp 
 i'm helping the serta counting sheep get back to work. enter the contest http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress and win a trip to las vegas 
 could this be my newest apprentice? http://www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta ...enter the contest .. .http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress 
 i'm proud to accept the 2010 hollyrod foundation humanitarian award from holly robinson peete who raised $700000 on celebrity apprentice 
 and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  http://www.trump.com/golf_clubs/westchester/westchester.asp 
 and here's another....http://www.trump.com/golf_clubs/colts_neck/colts_neck.asp 
 visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...http://www.trump.com/golf_clubs/hudson_valley/hudson_valley.asp 
 george steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. there will never be anyone like him in new york. we've lost a truly great man 
 the new edition of the apprentice will be on thursdays this fall at 10 pm et---i'm putting people back to work 
 due to popular demand cnn will re-broadcast  the larry king live show i hosted in june in which i interview larry. monday july 5 9 pm cnn 
 wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend. we have a lot to be thankful for 
 work is expected to begin today on my golf course in scotland. it will be spectacular! http://bit.ly/blp1tq 
 "trading shots with donald trump"--a great article in the wall street journalhttp://bit.ly/c9ezbq 
 the eric trump foundation has raised over $1000000 towards st. jude children's research hospital.  http://twitter.com/erictrumpfdn 
 great job on the larry king live gulf telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours 
 for more information on tonight's two hour telethon 8 to 10 p.m.:  http://twitter.com/kingsthings 
 tonight be sure to watch melania and ivanka on larry king live for a celebrity relief telethon  http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/ 
 the ultimate merger:  http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/2010/06/17/2010-06-17_omarosa_is_back_and_this_time_its_personal.html 
 tune in tonight at 9 pm on tv one for "the ultimate merger" starring the one and only omarosa and twelve brave bachelors  
 and trump soho new york is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... http://www.trump.com/hotel_collection/trump_soho/trump_soho.asp 
 had a fantastic dinner last night at quattro in the trump soho hotel. it's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city 
 wsj covers ride of fame http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052748704575304575297082506166258.html?mod=wsj_ny_realestate_middle_lsmini 
 rima fakih our beautiful miss usa rode with me on the gray line ride of fame yesterday...  http://www.missuniverse.com/missusa 
 check out gray line's site for the donald trump ride of fame... http://www.newyorksightseeing.com/ 
 i am honored to be chosen by gray line for their ny ride of fame campaign. today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of trump tower 
 tonight i trade places with larry king @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9pm on cnn featuring best clips 
 be sure to watch the larry king show tomorrow night on cnn 9 p.m. i'll be the host larry the guest. http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/ 
 checking out the course at tngc westchester and it is fantastic. should be a great season. http://www.trumpnationalwestchester.com/ 
 i'll be turning the table on larry king this saturday night.  i'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show 
 wishing everyone a happy memorial day weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom 
 the dunes here are amazing and  they're how i learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms. we've had a great trip 
 the north coast of scotland is spectacular--the sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic 
 scotland is beautiful. i spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place 
 the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. it was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone 
 ivanka caught up with bret and holly backstage. both bret and holly were champions all the way.   http://bit.ly/ckmkku 
 congratulations to bret michaels the new celebrity apprentice. bret's a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win 
 who's your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ? vote now on ivanka's new facebook page! http://ow.ly/1nfmt 
 the latest update on bret michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of celebrity apprentice on sunday--so tune in 
 check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happening--from the celebrity apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more 
 put  this on your calendar: the celebrity apprentice live finale is this sunday at 9 p.m. on nbc. who will be the next celebrity apprentice 
 congratulations to our new miss usa  the beautiful rima fakih.  rima will represent us well at miss universe and be a wonderful miss usa  
 looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 p.m. et hosted by curtis stone & natalie morales live from las vegas 
 we're all very happy to hear of bret michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery 
 providing backstage commentary at the miss usa pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo joan and melissa rivers. a fantastic lineup 
 also appearing on the miss usa pageant will be country superstar trace adkins and pop rock sensation boys like girls 
 looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 p.m. et  hosted by curtis stone and natalie morales 
 be sure to look for my beautiful wife melania trump tonight on qvc at 9 pm et where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection 
 melania will be on qvc tomorrow night at 9 p.m. et to introduce her beautiful and inspiring melania timepieces & fashion jewelry collection 
 melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight 9 p.m. on cnn. be sure to tune in for some great conversation 
 our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery 
 to put on your calendar for may: miss usa 2010 live from las vegas on may 16th 7 p.m. et on nbc. i'll be there--tune in for a great show 
 melania and i will be appearing on the view tomorrow at 11 a.m. on cbs. tune in for some great fun 
 melania and i saw american idiot on broadway last night and it was great. an amazing  theatrical experience 
 tune in to the marriage ref onthursday night at 10 p.m. on nbc--i'm on the panel of experts along with gloria estefan & adam carolla 
 on sunday jerome bettis 'the bus' from the pittsburgh steelers will play at trump int'l golf club/palm beach against julius erving 'dr j' 
 "before kids can go places they need a place to go" -- the motto of the police athletic league an organization i'm  very proud to support 
 looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day 
 the premiere of "donald j. trump's fabulous world of golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.et on golf channel. tune in for a great adventure 
 this is a terrific day for downtown new york. trump soho is unlike anything else. be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon 
 trump soho opens this friday and it is fantastic! check out the trump hotel collection...http://www.trump.com/ 
 my bestselling book from last april think like a champion is now available in paperback. it's inspiring entertaining and a great read 
 then we attended the scottish fashion show that benefits veterans dressed to kilt 2010 which i co-hosted with sir sean and lady connery 
 last night melania and i attended the skating with the stars gala at wollman rink in central park it was fantastic. stay tuned for part 2 
 today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. it was an impressive group  i enjoyed meeting them. we've got some great candidates 
 don't forget the open call at trump tower tomorrow for the apprentice. i look forward to seeing you there 
 the nyc casting call for the apprentice is thisthursday april 1 at trump tower. for all the information you need go to nbc.com/casting 
 the original apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next apprentice? for casting details: http://tinyurl.com/yly2c8u 
 the trump hotel collection is currently nominated for conde nast traveler readers choice awards travel & leisure and world travel awards 
 last week's episode of the celebrity apprentice set the stage for a great new season. tune in this sunday on nbc for even more excitement 
 i am happy to announce that theoriginal apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back 
 olympic gold  medalist evan lysacek just left my office. he is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion 
 the new season of the celebrity apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic 
 the celebrity apprentice has a two-hour premiere this sunday march 14th at 9 p.m. on nbc. this will be the best season yet see you then 
 from donald trump: andrea bocelli @ mar-a-lago - many say best night of entertainment in long history of palm beach http://bit.ly/2fngoz 
 from donald trump: i’m so proud of my wife melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on qvc on april 30th at 9 p.m 
 donald trump appeared on the final episode of the jay leno show to deliver a very special message: http://bit.ly/cv1en7 
 donald trump appearing today on cnn international’s ‘connect the world’ as ‘connector of the day’. submit questions: http://bit.ly/bpip7t 
 superbowl sunday is a great american tradition. the colts and saints are already champions but may the best team win 
 golf channel & donald trump's world of golf host a celebrity match 1/25 @ tngc la ca - mark wahlberg vs. kevin dillon http://bit.ly/4mubn6 
 from donald trump: "i saw lady gaga last night and she was fantastic!" 
 trump tycoon app for iphone & ipod touch - it's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! http://bit.ly/uguf0 
 celebrity apprentice returns to nbc sunday 3/14 9-11pm et/pt. outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet 
 from donald trump: wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy healthy prosperous new year. let’s think like champions in 2010 
 trump international tower in chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by council on tall buildings & urban habitat http://bit.ly/sqvqq 
 wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving 
 donald trump partners with tv1 on new reality series entitled omarosa's ultimate merger: http://tinyurl.com/yk5m3lc 
 --work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history: trump international – scotland 
 --from donald trump: "ivanka and jared’s wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple. i’m a very proud father." 
 hear donald trump discuss big gov spending banks & taxes on your world w/neil cavuto: http://tinyurl.com/yhnzd7p 
 watch video of ivanka trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on gma: http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo 
 - read what donald trump has to say about daughter ivanka's upcoming new book the trump card: http://tinyurl.com/ycsqmda 
 "a lot of people have imagination but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 read donald trump's top ten tips for success: http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl 
 - more hysterical dsrl videos featuring donald trump and "double trump" plus enter golden lick race sweepstakes: http://tinyurl.com/6asujj 
 - donald trump bids to buy the oreo double stuf racing league. check it out: http://www.nabiscoworld.com/oreo/dsrl/home.aspx 
 reminder: the miss universe competition will be live from the bahamas - tonight @ 9pm (est) on nbc: http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9 
 watch the miss universe competition live from the bahamas - sunday 8/23 @ 9pm (et) on nbc: http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9 
 -- watch donald trump's recent appearance on the late show with david letterman: http://tinyurl.com/klts6b 
 ivanka is now on twitter - you can follow her @ivankatrump - have a terrific weekend 
 "think. that’s the first step. use all your power to utilize and develop that capability" --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 browse donald trump's summer reading list for business success at the trump university blog: http://tinyurl.com/n5468r 
 check out a list of donald trump's books for summer reading at the trump university blog: http://tinyurl.com/knyswt 
 congrats to winners from around the world who entered the "think like a champion" signed book/keychain contest! http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 donald trump backs 'apprentice' randal pinkett for n.j. lieutenant governor: http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb 
 "be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 here's to a safe and happy independence day for one and all - enjoy it! --donald j. trump 
 watch a powerful and frank interview with donald trump about the economy on greta van susteren's on the record: http://tinyurl.com/mmjked 
 re: michael jackson: "he was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. it’s a devastating loss!" -donald j. trump 
 donald trump’s commercial-free wwe raw does big rating: http://tinyurl.com/nxvquo 
 expand your life every day. –donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 - wishing a happy father's day to all the dad's out there - you are a champion today and everyday! http://tinyurl.com/kn95ju 
 re: fb vanity urls: sf chronicle - "david beckham was one of the first along with britney spears & donald trump." http://tinyurl.com/ln4lol 
 thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – donald trump 
 today is donald trump's birthday! send him your b'day wishes here: http://www.facebook.com/donaldtrump 
 last week to enter the "think like a champion" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/ 
 if you don't have problems you're pretending or you don't run your own business. –donald j. trump  http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 check out donald trump's new igoogle showcase page:http://bit.ly/ddd2a 
 "you have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward." --donald j. trump http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com 
 read an excerpt from think like a champion by donald j. trump: http://bit.ly/11fhpr 
 "your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 did you know donald trump is on facebook? http://www.facebook.com/donaldtrump - become a fan today 
 don't forget to enter the "think like a champion" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest 
 "keep it fast short and direct - whatever it is." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 read a great interview with donald trump that appeared in the new york times magazine: http://tinyurl.com/qsx4o6 
 "always know you could be on the precipice of something great." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 "...these days...we could all use a little of the power of trumpative thinking." –barnesandnoble.com http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 "we win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 "don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 "when the achiever achieves it's not a plateau it’s a beginning." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 enter the "think like a champion" signed book and keychain contest:http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/ 
 "strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact." --donald j. trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm 
 listen to an interview with donald trump discussing his new book think like a champion: http://tinyurl.com/qs24vl 
 miss usa tara conner will not be fired - "i've always been a believer in second chances." says donald trump 
 "my persona will never be that of a wallflower - i’d rather build walls than cling to them" --donald j. trump 
 new blog post: celebrity apprentice finale and lessons learned along the way: http://tinyurl.com/qlux5e 
 donald trump reads top ten financial tips on late show with david letterman: http://tinyurl.com/ooafwn - very funny 
 donald trump will be appearing on the view tomorrow morning to discuss celebrity apprentice and his new book think like a champion 
 be sure to tune in and watch donald trump on late night with david letterman as he presents the top ten list tonight 
